[0:04] Jordan Antonoff: Hey, ray.

[0:07] Ray Henson: Hey, jordan. How you doing?

[0:10] Jordan Antonoff: Doing well. How about you?

[0:13] Ray Henson: I'm okay.

I'm okay.

[0:18] Jordan Antonoff: Where are you based out of, Ray?

[0:22] Ray Henson: We're based out of Huntington, West Virginia.

[0:27] Jordan Antonoff: Okay.

You guys got a bit of a heat wave right now, huh?

[0:31] Ray Henson: Yeah, we've been in one. I'm actually, I'm on vacation this week, so I'm down south. I'm in Hilton Head, South Carolina this week, but.

[0:41] John Fitisemanu: Oh, nice. Nice area.

[0:44] Ray Henson: Yeah, it's.

It's pretty.

[0:47] John Fitisemanu: Why are you taking calls on your vacation?

[0:52] Ray Henson: Ah, I'm good. That's no problem at all.

[0:57] John Fitisemanu: Oh, man. Ah, Ray, I know it's been a while since we talked, but have you met Jordan before?

[1:07] Ray Henson: I don't know if we have met if we met Jordan yet or not.

[1:11] John Fitisemanu: Okay.

[1:13] Mike Odom: I think so. Here, I recognize him.

[1:15] John Fitisemanu: Oh, I see.

Mike does. Mike's been here long enough.

[1:18] Mike Odom: Yeah.

[1:20] John Fitisemanu: Hey, Mike. Welcome.

[1:21] Mike Odom: Thank you.

[1:22] Jordan Antonoff: Are you guys gonna turn your cameras on there so we can see some friendly faces?

[1:30] Mike Odom: Not me, I work from home and so it's pretty messy, so I usually try to keep it.

[1:37] Ray Henson: Now I'm on my phone.

[1:41] Jordan Antonoff: No worries.

[1:42] John Fitisemanu: Hey, James. Welcome.

[1:45] Mike Odom: Hello.

Let James come in. He's the pretty face. So.

[1:49] Jordan Antonoff: And we need it. We need to see at least one smiling face.

[1:53] James Newman: If I'm the pretty face. It's bad.

[1:55] Mike Odom: It's bad.

[1:56] John Fitisemanu: You never know with AI these days if we're talking to real people or not. Oh, no, I'm just kidding.

[2:04] James Newman: Yeah, really.

[2:07] John Fitisemanu: Well, it's good to have you guys. I just wanted to invited Jordan to the call and Jordan can give a introduction here and how long he's been with Profound for those of you who don't know him. So Jordan, if you wouldn't mind.

[2:24] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, sure. Jordan Antonoff here.

Been with profound about 13 years now. I am our COO, but I work very closely with a lot of our customers. Especially in the past two years where we've gotten very focused on AI. I've taken on a.

A key role, kind of coordinating between our development team, the technical side of the house, and our customers on AI initiatives. And so I've asked John to loop me into conversations where AI might come up as the conversation changes on a day to day basis and there's new things happening all the time and we're developing and changing our AI platform that we've built on a daily basis.

So it's good to be able to talk to customers and help them understand where we're at and also find out how we can help you guys on the AI journey.

[3:34] John Fitisemanu: Thank You, Jordan Ray.

Just so you know, Tiffany who you've been speaking with, she was nice enough to send us over notes of your previous conversations a couple conversations ago. So. Okay, we are up to speed on all the things that you guys have been working on and your ERP goals and, and I know she's mentioned CoderFlow to you guys during your call in May.

Then I also know that we recently booked a Profound UI demo with you for next week. What wasn't in the notes, what we thought would be helpful for this call was to get a better understanding of what you see.

Profound UI and potentially CoderFlow playing a role. What you're looking to solve. The reason I'm asking that is because it helps us to customize the demo, but also it helps us to see whether or not that's the right solution for you. Right.

It might not be Profound UI might be Profound ui, but having that discussion will give us the chance to ask some questions and guide you down the right path.

[4:46] Ray Henson: Yeah, well, first off, kind of, kind of where we're, where we're at is, you know, we'd been looking at switching to a new cloud based ERP system a little more, well, a lot more off the shelf, you know, versus our custom home built solution.

And, but upper management would also like to go ahead and explore some of our, some capabilities with profound logic and some of the other offerings with you know, just from a modernization standpoint and looking at, just so we make sure we're doing our due diligence to, you know, cover our bases and see if there aren't, isn't to see if there isn't a better path forward with some of the back end tools that we already have.

[5:42] John Fitisemanu: Okay, very good.

[5:44] Jordan Antonoff: Has the, so the decision to move so the new ERP is, is that an official decision? And, and when does that migration start?

[5:58] Ray Henson: Well, it's not a 100% decision yet. So we've kind of looked at a couple of different products from, you know, oh, Oracle's offering.

I can't remember the name right now. It escapes me. And then so, but no, there has not been, we haven't signed any, any contracts yet. So.

[6:23] Jordan Antonoff: Okay, and the reason I ask is what. Right now we're actually working with a number of customers that came to us over the past three, four years and said we're at a fork in the road.

We're trying to decide do we stay on our homegrown or highly customized system and modernize it or do we migrate to ERP package. And several of those customers have decided after a lot of conversations with us to stay with their homegrown or customized system and modernize it because of the whole host of challenges that come with moving to a new erp.

[7:15] Ray Henson: Sure,.

[7:24] Jordan Antonoff: Go ahead.

[7:25] Ray Henson: I just said. Yeah, that makes sense.

I understand what you're saying.

[7:31] Jordan Antonoff: What was some of the, what were some of the thoughts behind moving to a new erp? Is there, are there gaps in the current system? Are there technical challenges with it or does it work well?

And is there maybe a perception that the platform is old and that the system is old?

[7:58] Ray Henson: Mike, I'll let you that one.

[8:01] Mike Odom: Yeah, thanks. I think it's a combination of all. Unfortunately, it's a combination of all that the biggest thing for Fletcher is resources or lack thereof. And it's not as across the board, company wide, it's not just in software development. So that's been our biggest challenge there. I mean, ERP is our system is based off of, you know, MAPICS kind of stuff, if you will, back in the 80s.

And it's kind of hodgepodge. There's a few unique things to it that are going to be hard to migrate or difficult to migrate to a package DRP if you will. But no matter what the decision is, you know, the commitment, J.H.

Fletcher is going to have to make a commitment to resources one way or the other. Are we going to commit to resources, let's say with profound to come in and get our system up to snuff? Because we've had the. We've had profound, we've had Genie since right at Covid. That's when we first put it in Covid hit and of course all that fell by the wayside.

So we've been pretty much sitting on it, not doing much if anything with it at all since we've had in 2021 or 2022, whenever we first got it. So. And most of that's been because of resources and it's just having the development resources to spend the time to do any modernization or even learn the package at all. We've done a few things in it just from a proof of concept that have worked and worked well.

We just did an upgrade legitimate of the latest version and our system doesn't work anymore. So there's. We can't even get Profound to come up right now, I think.

[9:42] James Newman: By the way, I just downloaded the.

PTFs that Ted was talking about.

[9:46] Mike Odom: Yeah.

[9:47] James Newman: So I'll install them this weekend.

[9:48] Mike Odom: Yeah, there was a PTF issue with it, so.

But that's a, that's a scary thing. To think that if we were all committed to that and that this happened that we'd be. I don't know where we'd be, but the biggest thing is gonna be resources. And there's a lot of things that we can get out of a new There's a lot of things I think we can get out of a new ERP just from an operational standpoint.

But I guess the question is, is are we big enough for that or not? I mean, I can't answer that. I don't know what the strategy is going forward for the company as far as that goes. But on the resource issue, I'm getting ready to retire and find an AS/400 resources in of themselves is a challenge. So that's, that's a big thing.

It's just you, where, where are you going to spend your money on resources? Is it going to be internally or externally? Because you're gonna have to. They're gonna, if we're gonna have to spend some more money one way or the other.

And I don't know, you know, how to influence that decision or who's making that decision honestly, but those are the things that I've been trying to discuss with, with my management team about what they really need to be thinking about right now. So anyway, I got off my, my soapbox.

[11:07] Ray Henson: Good.

[11:08] James Newman: Thank you, Mike.

[11:12] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, I know that's really helpful.

And it's very similar to the, the other customers that were working with that are in the same situation. You know, the resource challenge is a real one. What's the resource situation like over there?

How many RPG developers do you have full time?

[11:34] Mike Odom: We have one and a half. James is there, but he does a lot. All the AS/400 admins, I'm only counting him as a half. And there's me, he's a big half though, but then there's me. And then we have two part time consultants who are both retired and so I can give them things to work on that aren't mission critical because I can't depend on them to get things done when I need them done. So basically the only people that we have is James and myself.

[12:04] Jordan Antonoff: Okay. How many users do you have on this system?

[12:15] Mike Odom: A couple hundred.

Yeah, a couple hundred. Because if you consider all applications, because we're. It's not only the erp, it's also the financial system too. That's part of this whole deal. Yeah, because it's still, we're still on a homegrown GL package. We are.

We went to ADP a few years ago from Payroll. However, we still had a time card system that was on our legacy application that we had interfaced to adp. Now we've gone to a cloud based time keeping system that we've had to integrate into our internal timekeeping system just to keep everything in sync and keep a lot of the other applications that are built around it running. So that's another fear of going to an erp. What else?

What? Or we're going to have to back integrate till the ERP can handle it. I'm using ERP as a blanket term.

It's more of that, that platform to be able to handle everything that we do. Because I know that there's going to be some applications just flat out aren't going to work on day one on the new system and we'll have to do some back integration into our existing applications for a period of time until that's taken care of.

So it'd be nice to have a GUI look or same look and feel on what we still have so it's consistent as can be at least from a, from a user standpoint, from a user interface standpoint, instead of them going back from green screen to browser based kind of stuff. So I think there's some value in having Genie or Profound UI on our applications, regardless of whether or not we go to the cloud based erp.

I think there's some value to having both, honestly. But again, it's just how much I don't know what the, the tolerance is as far as the resources is going to be. That's the big question.

[14:15] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, absolutely.

Now you guys have a big decision ahead of you and maybe there's a lot of other questions that are coming to mind. But maybe before I just sit here and ask you guys an hour's worth of questions, let me share that because you might be aware, you might not, that over the years we've transitioned at Profound from just having our Profound UI suite of solutions for green screen modernization and application development.

We've become a full services company and we also have a host of other software solutions for API development, mobile application development, but most recently we have a whole AI orchestration platform built for IBM. I But on the services side, what I wanted to share is that the reason we built out this whole services team at Profound is we just had a lot of customers coming to us in your exact situation saying we're on this, customize their homegrown system.

We're trying to decide do we stay on it and modernize or do we switch to an ERP solution. So we built out this whole practice where we'll come in and, and do system audits and discoveries to help customers evaluate whether they should stay on platform or migrate to an erp.

And then we build out these modernization, or we like to call it futurization here because we don't believe just getting modern is enough anymore with AI being where it's at. We believe you need to prepare these systems for the future.

You need to have an AI ready system and you can make the IBMI an AI native AI ready system that is capable of anything that any other system is. And we have a lot of customers doing that in production already. But anyways, we help. After we do these discoveries and help customers figure out maybe what the next three to five years look like, we're often hired then to come in and do the transformation projects that could be addressing technical debt.

It could be futurizing green screens, adding in new functionality, and then we have a whole team that actually works with customers to do that. And then we, for a lot of customers, provide a staff augmentation plan because of the resource constraint that so many customers are seeing. So I just throw all that out there so that you're aware of what we can offer at profound. And that could kind of dictate where this conversation goes.

Because if you guys are looking to us to, hey, just we want to understand how you can help us with green screen modernization. We can talk about that.

But it sounds like there's probably a lot more that could be discussed here, especially knowing how many customers we've seen come to us after failed ERP migrations, after having spent millions of dollars trying to move off of these homegrown, highly customized systems and then coming to us to help modernize and futurize. We would prefer to have that conversation before you guys make that decision, if you're open to it.

[18:18] Mike Odom: Yeah. One thing I've been pushing, or not really pushing, but been saying when I've been having these conversations, is that our existing system, if the decision is to go to the, to a new erp, our existing system is the backup plan.

And if we do nothing to the existing system while we're transitioning to the ERP and it fails, then we're back to the system that we had that's now two and a half, three years behind where it could have been. So, so I've been kind of, you know, trying to balance that because, you know, there's a lot of things that we need to do in our system.

We've been at least I know I have been as I make changes or run into things, I'm kind of knocking out some of the technical debt and I'm defining that by getting it to freeform RPG and using all the SQL and trying to get away from a lot of the legacy regular RPG type of coding with indicators and internally defined tables. We have a lot of databases that are out of whack that we've been trying to address.

The, There's a couple of applications that simply don't work and they're not complete and those are, those are kind of the things that I'm trying to address. But again, it's a resource constraint and as we are just now getting into some, I guess more advanced for J.H.

Fletcher at least things like scheduling, for example, for manufacturer scheduling, trying to automate a lot more, that's been a manual process. If you come into our shop and see what our schedule looked like with sticky notes, you'd be shocked at how well this, how well a manual thing works.

But we're getting, we're getting into actually using the data in the system to try to figure to plug into some scheduling applications and we're finding a lot of database issues in doing that and that have kind of uncovered themselves that, you know, I didn't know about or we didn't know about. So, so there's, there's a lot of things like that that we, that I'm running into on a day to day basis that I have to address just what we have now and keeping it green screen, much less getting it modernized.

So it's a, it's been challenging for sure.

[20:36] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, absolutely. That, that balance of keeping the lights on, keeping things going day to day, responding to issues as they come up, innovating for the future, and then also planning the future of the system. That's a lot to juggle.

[20:56] Mike Odom: Yes.

[21:00] Jordan Antonoff: You know, one of the things that's interesting that we're seeing right now is that before AI and when I say AI in this context, I'm talking specifically about what you can do on the code side of the house with agentic coding, with fully autonomous development.

So not just using a coding assistant, not just using Claude code or Codex or even Chad GPT, but actually assigning full tasks to AI agents. The opportunity that's been created there has made something really interesting happen for our customers.

The overwhelming majority of our customers are either on homegrown systems or highly customized systems like you have. There's an opportunity now with Agenta coding for customers on these homegrown systems that was not there Before.

And what that is is when you go to an ERP vendor, you're locked into their development plans, which means in the beginning, if you have custom processes that are built into your system for your unique business processes, you either have to change those and adapt to the way the ERP handles things, or you try to get the ERP vendor to customize to your processes, which could be very. Which is very challenging and costs a lot.

Yeah, so there's the. Yeah, so there's this whole new opportunity that AI has presented customers like yourselves. Is that something that has been in discussion on your, on your end at all?

[23:05] Mike Odom: A little bit.

I mean, we've. We've just now started scratching the surface on, on AI as far as feeding it some of our data, trying to get some usefulness out of it. I know the, the big unknown is what you mentioned about going to an ERP and you've got customized things that it won't handle. Well, the issue that Fletcher has, and Ray, please chime in on this too, is that we've got people and that whole company has had folks there that, that's.

Fletcher may be the only job they've ever had. So they haven't seen anything else. So there's. The big unknown is when we see things that are done a different way that's different than ours, and ours is quote, unquote, unique.

Is our unique way to do it the necessary way to do it, or is it better to do it the way the new system is going to do it? Exactly. In a lot of cases, the new system's better way to do it. At least what I've seen so far.

There's a couple of things that are still up in the air, but yeah, that's one. That's one of the big unknowns too, for Fletcher. I mean, the easiest thing to do would be to say, hey, you know, we're just gonna keep what we got and take a chance. But I don't think that's the answer either.

There's. Like I said, there's gotta be a balance in there somewhere, and I don't think we've hit it yet.

[24:29] Jordan Antonoff: Let's talk a little about your existing processes and gaps in the system. How much in your development backlog is focused on making improvements in the existing system and adding new functionality versus how much of it is just fixes to existing functionality?

[25:02] Mike Odom: Probably 70, 30.

[25:06] Jordan Antonoff: 70% Being which one the, the first.

[25:10] Mike Odom: One, and making improvements. 30% On the fixes.

[25:16] Jordan Antonoff: Okay.

[25:19] Mike Odom: I mean, a lot of things out there that we have even Though you might, I would consider it bad or works. You know, it's been, it's consistent and the, but however, when you do try to make improvements, then you, then you. That's when you break it.

[25:36] Ray Henson: Yeah.

[25:37] Mike Odom: Yeah. And trust me, I've broken a lot. And so there's a little fear factor there.

I'm a little, I'm not as fear, I don't have as much fear in changing things as some other folks have. But, but it's, it is kind of, I mean you have the, the capability of creating, cratering the business rapidly if you do something wrong. And so it's.

So some of the mission critical stuff that does need work is a challenge to try to improve because there's so much to do at one time to get everything together to work and just having one or two people going through that, it's just very difficult.

[26:16] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, understandable.

Absolutely. And that's one of the opportunities that agentic coding and agentic orchestration offers us is that these large backlogs that would have required a large team historically can be done with significantly fewer resources. I mean we're seeing customers right now with one developer. Once they, once we get this AI platform in place having the capability of four or five developers, that one person, because they're not in the IDE coding anymore, they're assigning tasks to agents.

But I guess one question that comes to mind is where, where do you guys feel the decision making process for which way to go is today? And who else from a business side and from a decision making side has opinions on this?

And I ask that because what I see with a lot of other customers is usually there's an owner or some, some like a CEO or CFO that has a strong opinion one way or the other and if we don't get them involved in the conversation, then the, the conversation might not actually go anywhere. What are your thoughts on that?

[27:59] Ray Henson: Well, that's exactly. You know, Julia is, she's kind of the one that was, that was pushing us to, to go ahead and let's see what profound logic has to offer. So she's the president of the company and part of the ownership. So she's a big plays.

Will, will play a big role in the decision making process along with her, the, the CEO Rod Duncan. So.

[28:34] Mike Odom: Okay, I know our CFOs on board with the new system, new ERP, right?

[28:39] Ray Henson: Yeah.

And Chuck's on board with the new ERP. I mean they, they all been. We're all ready to go to, you know, to the new erp and then now they're pumping the brakes a little bit and just wanting to make sure we're not leaving something out or missing, you know. So,.

[29:02] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, it's very interesting. It's almost identical to another customer that we've been working closely with over the past six months. The owner of the company and their company. I think they're about three or 400 employees. The owner of the company, last minute before they were going to move to a new erp, said, hold on one second, I want to make sure we're really making the right decision here.

And he said that because he spoke with another owner of a company that came off a six year failed ERP migration from AS400. And I think they lost about 10 or 12 million dollars on it and they brought us in. And 10 or 12 million is nothing compared to some of, some of these failed migrations we've seen over the years.

[29:58] Mike Odom: Yeah, I saw, I saw a $30 million one in 1994. Yeah,.

[30:10] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah. So I'll, I'll give you guys a couple thoughts or just ideas of where we might be able to go from here.

We can definitely do the, the Profound UI demo next week, although that is going to be somewhat limiting in demonstrating where we can go in the future. So what I think we'll do is at the end of this call, we'll take, well, we've recorded this call so that we could share it with our solution architect that's going to do the demo. We'll share it with him. Maybe he gives you some other ideas of what can be done from a technology standpoint besides just Profound ui.

Because at this point right now, Profound UI is just a very small capability of what we can do for customers like yourself. There's an option that you might want to consider in the short term of some staff augmentation where we would give you guys some resources to help you because your resources are constrained. One of the benefits of that obviously is helping to get work done. But also we start to get to know your system a bit, which could help with this.

If there is interest in partnering with us rather than moving to a new erp. The more we learn about your system, the better equipped we are to have a positive impact.

The other option that I'd like to throw out there is to have a meeting with Jennifer and potentially the CEO and share with them what we are doing with other customers that are in your situation and they might have some questions about how we do these projects. What we're seeing that would probably be I mean, that would be a strong recommendation of mine based upon where you guys are.

What are your thoughts?

[32:24] Ray Henson: I mean, I think that's okay. May not be a bad idea to show kind of what the futurization looks like as opposed to modernization. But if you can come prepared with at least some budgetary cost examples based upon size and you know, maybe some things that you've just to help give them some perspective on, on what we're looking at as a comparison so that, you know, we're not wasting your time and vice versa.

[33:03] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, sure.

What might help with that is a couple things. Do you have an idea of how many lines of code are in your system?

[33:15] Mike Odom: No, no, that's the other dilemma is we've got so much stuff out there that's no longer used and there's not, there's not a really good, good way to track what is and isn't being used.

And there's a lot of stuff that is being used that we've never seen. So we, we run across those when we break something downstream like, well, heck, I didn't know this even existed, you know, and we, there's several things like that.

So it's kind of hard to put your finger on because no one, even back in the day is just simply migrating from regular RPG to RPG 4 and my past lives at other shops and we had, we had teams of people, that's all they did and get everything up to, up to the latest RPG at least and do a three or four month project is doing that. Well, none of that's happened.

So we've got stuff out there that's old RPG2 that's running key systems and we've got stuff that's regular RPG LE that was converted, but no, nothing really cleaned up. Just converted to RPGLA and it's still not very good stuff. And then we've got a lot of new modern stuff out there too. So it's, it's, it's a hodgepodge of things all over the place.

[34:31] Jordan Antonoff: Sure, yeah, no, totally understand that. Well, what we could. Obviously you guys know any numbers we share at this point are purely budgetary and based upon what we're seeing with other customers. Because we don't know your system yet.

We give, we can give much more accurate numbers once we do some discovery and analysis of a customer system and talk about the actual projects that we're going to complete. That being said, I, I totally understand the need to get some budgetary numbers. So what we could share are some estimates based upon what we're doing with some other customers.

[35:17] Ray Henson: Yeah, that's, yeah, that's fair.

That'd be perfectly fair. We know it's all just ballpark, but I think that would just help frame it better for, you know, some of the C suites that they understand that and don't, you know, if they're not here and they're getting any inkling of what something, what kind of investment this is going to be, then they may, it may just turn them off and they'll be like, I will forget it. You know, so that's, that's why I throw it out there.

[35:42] Jordan Antonoff: You know, it makes complete sense.

That way they know we're talking about, you know, 1, 2 million versus it's 20 to 30 million.

[35:55] Mike Odom: Well, the other, the other thing too, when you, when you frame these conversations too.

And we haven't really, I haven't had this conversation with anybody internally, but I think Ray and I and James, we all know it, it just hadn't been really pushed to executives, at least not that I'm aware of, is that there's so much technical debt that's there and it's been there, it's built up over decades. So you've got decades worth of technical debt that has not been addressed.

So to me that's a big deal. I know when my counterpart came to work for Fletcher in 2009, Ray, I don't remember how many releases behind they were, but it was like eight or something. I think they were behind on the AS400.

So that's the first thing he did. So just to get all that up to speed, much less all the back end coding, there was so much manual stuff when he got there and when I got there in 2014, just you would not believe the paper pushing. And so we tried to address a lot of that, much less trying to get everything else out there modernized. So there's a huge amount of technical debt that I don't think a lot of people realize how much, how much it is.

[37:13] Jordan Antonoff: I'm sure they, I'm sure they don't.

That's what we see with every customer that we work with. When, when you talk about technical debt, can you give some examples of what issues the. Because technical debt is a broad term. What are some of the specific examples and what are the issues that this technical debt causes?

[37:38] Mike Odom: Just, you know, one thing I've run into lately is just bad data in the databases.

The databases are out of sync. I ran into one today that it was, it was a program described table and a program that was writing records out to a table that wouldn't address the numeric fields. And when I tried to do something else with it in more modern language, puked because it had bad data in all these records.

So then you got to stop and try to fix all that and find out where it's coming from. And I mean, I run into that every so often. Anytime that we try to improve something, we end up going down a rabbit hole. It's not like we can say, okay, well I'm going to improve this process right here.

Well, oops, this affects this, it affects that, affects this, it affects that. Databases are terrible in a lot of places. So anytime we try to make a change to something, especially a legacy program, it takes us a long time to get it changed because it's breaking, breaking, breaking, breaking, breaking. And, oh, we didn't know it affected that.

And if these things were cleaned up, that part of it would be a lot easier to deal with because the tools we have in place, just the management tools, like we have Abstract, we have X analysis, things like that, those tools would be more effective if everything was connected correctly, for lack of a better way to put it. And we had one program that we had one field that every so often would get blown away and it wouldn't stick or wouldn't do anything.

It took us, we worked on that program literally three years to try to figure it out. And what James did is he took it into VS code and use their tool and versus code to break these things off, break it out into sub procedures and now, now all of a sudden it works.

So just an example of that was just an example of something that what you're talking about doing would help immensely.

[39:39] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's really helpful.

[39:43] Mike Odom: You got to keep in mind that the system, the programming that was done in this application or applications, some of the key ones, our retired CEO wrote a lot of those programs.

He's an engineer. He's an engineer. Okay. And then we had people doing a lot of things, all some reporting some of our key applications that they're.

They came from the shop floor. Not that they're bad people, but they just went to IBM RPG school and learned how to code rpg. Didn't have an IT background, didn't have a database training. You see, that's what's.

What's all on our system. And that's not a negative toward anybody. It's just, it's just a fact of how the systems got to how they are.

[40:29] Ray Henson: Right, right.

[40:29] Mike Odom: Yeah.

[40:30] James Newman: Just where it is.

[40:37] Mike Odom: So I just, I call that. I Call that technical debt too.

[40:41] Ray Henson: Yeah, yeah.

[40:44] John Fitisemanu: I was going to say everything that I've heard so far sounds eerily familiar. So we are actually about to kick off a discovery on site with a family owned company in Ohio that has 50 to 60 years of technical debt and they have data issues, they have UI modernization needs. And we, and I say we because Jordan, our CTO and some of our team are going on site to kick off the discovery. And they went down an ERP migration path last year and they got.

Or a little bit over last year and they got burned by it. They went down that path, I think 12 months, they found out it wasn't going to work because there was just too much custom customizations that wouldn't fit the new ERP system. So they sank a lot of money into that. And I say all that because our leadership team here with Jordan and aj, they're going there, but they're at the highest level there.

They're working directly with the president, the CEO and the cfo. Because moving down this path of futurization really requires alignment between the technical and the business side. And so everything you've shared is you're them, but they, they're a little bit further down the path. And we're doing for them what sounds like we should be doing for you guys. So I just wanted to give that.

Give you guys that for food, food for thought. And I don't know if Jordan has additional comments on that, but it feels very familiar.

[42:29] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, I would agree.

I, I was thinking about them and we have several other customers that were already in the midst of, and have been working on projects for, that came to us when they were at this point of making this decision of ERP or futurization.

[42:54] John Fitisemanu: 1. One thing that I'll throw out there that Jennifer might appreciate is because we've seen this, as Jordan has mentioned, we've seen this time and time again when people go down the ERP path. Not saying it doesn't succeed, there are some successes.

But Mike, you know this. You and I have talked about this in the past. 90% Of them don't succeed. Right.

So that's a huge risk for the company where people. What people love about our approach is that we have this thing called coexistence. So you can actually modernize by phase and you can actually see ROI at the end of each phase. And each phase could be one month, a couple of months, but there's always a fallback plan. So if for some reason the business needs to change or something's not working it doesn't disrupt the business.

The business still moves forward. Whereas with the ERP migration, you really have to wait until the end to see if it pays off or not. Right.

So I think from a leadership perspective on the Fletcher side, I think they would really appreciate having a conversation about a low risk phased approach where they might have better control over what they see in terms of roi.

[44:06] Mike Odom: Yeah, I heard you. Just as an aside, I've heard you mention Jennifer. Her name's Julia.

Let's make sure that Julia. Sorry, you don't call her Jennifer, then it might just squash the whole thing. I mean.

[44:17] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, sorry about that. I was thinking Julia, but my bad. Thanks for catching that.

[44:22] Mike Odom: No, I was kind of put two and two together. Oh, he means Julia.

[44:26] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, that's actually my fault. I said Jennifer. I don't know where I got that from. I apologize.

[44:32] Mike Odom: That's a big deal.

[44:34] John Fitisemanu: Sorry. Thanks for catching that. Appreciate that.

So I know we're. We're at the end of our time. We have enough information for which our next step here is the demo. Next week, I'm going to get with our solution architect.

We'll prepare something really cool for you guys to see. I think you guys will be impressed, especially if you've been using genie. And Genie is just the tip of the iceberg.

So once you see what we can do with some of our other tools. By the way, we have customers who use our tools who are able to hire non RPG developers to stay on the platform, which, of course, as you know, will be cheaper. But, you know, that really depends on what you guys want to do. But anyway, we'll show you some really cool stuff next week. We'll have a good conversation about how this will all roll out and we'll go from there.

But please think about, you know, introducing Julia, if you will, to Jordan so that they can have a, you know, executive one on one discussion that I think would be helpful as a. As a strategic partner in helping you guys make the right decision. Because it's a big decision to make.

[45:44] Ray Henson: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

[45:47] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah. If you guys want to be involved in that discussion and have a group discussion, Julia, yourselves. Me.

I'll also include our cto, aj. He and I partner closely whenever we're having these discussions with executives from our customers. But you guys are more than welcome to join.

We'll take your lead on what you think is the best approach.

[46:11] Mike Odom: What, have y'all scheduled this thing for next week already?

[46:16] John Fitisemanu: Yes. So it is on here.

Let me take a look at the calendar. I think we have it for. Is it next week?

[46:26] Ray Henson: I don't know.

[46:28] Mike Odom: It's not on my calendar, so that's.

[46:29] Ray Henson: Why I don't think we've scheduled it yet. We had this first and then.

[46:35] John Fitisemanu: Oh, okay.

I must have. Okay, well, we'll get that scheduled for next week. What.

What days are you guys thinking might be. Might work for your side and a.

[46:45] Mike Odom: Raise off site right now? I'm going to be on. On site next week.

I'll be. I'm going to West Virginia next week, so I'll be there. I'll be there next week.

I don't know that we've that raised. Talked to any of the executives to see what they're.

[46:56] Ray Henson: Yeah, yeah, let's.

We'll have to go back. I can't remember if you guys sent because we were looking at this week and then. Yeah, but they have a. This is a board meeting week, so.

[47:07] John Fitisemanu: Okay.

[47:09] Ray Henson: They're tied up and I've been out of town, so. Yeah, if you could throw us a couple dates times next week, that'd be good. And then we can kind of take it from there.

[47:18] John Fitisemanu: Okay, no problem. I'll get that over to you today.

[47:21] Ray Henson: Okay, sounds good.

All right. We'll appreciate your old time and thanks again and look forward to seeing what you've got for next week.

[47:31] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, thanks, Ray. Enjoy Hilton Head. Thanks, Mike.

[47:35] Mike Odom: Yeah. See you guys.

[47:36] John Fitisemanu: Thank you, guys. Take care.

Bye.

[47:38] Jordan Antonoff: Thanks, gentlemen.

[47:39] Mike Odom: Bye.

Bye.

[47:41] Ray Henson: Bye. I'm gonna call you.