[0:00] Tiffany Winesette: Hey, James. Good morning.

[0:02] James Newman: Good morning. How are you?

[0:04] Tiffany Winesette: I'm doing good. How are you?

[0:06] James Newman: I'm doing pretty good.

[0:10] Tiffany Winesette: That's great. Hey, Mike. Good morning.

[0:13] Mike Odom: Morning.

[0:14] Tiffany Winesette: How are you doing today?

[0:16] Mike Odom: Good.

[0:17] Tiffany Winesette: Good. Well, did you guys enjoy your vacations? Your time off? Because I know Mike, last time we talked to, you said that you had a whole bunch of pto, you had to like use it or lose it. I hope you guys took advantage of it.

[0:29] Mike Odom: Of course, mine was.

[0:32] James Newman: Mostly used for dental work. So, not so much.

[0:37] Tiffany Winesette: Hey, at least you were able to get everything done without missing work or anything… nice. Do you guys know if Ray's going to be joining us as well?

[0:51] James Newman: I think so.

I think so. He was, he was in a meeting. He looks like he's red, so he may still be in a meeting. He was in a meeting a few minutes ago, so.

[1:05] Tiffany Winesette: Yeah, no worries. We'll give him a minute, see if he joins. If not, then we can catch him up. All right.

Nice. How's the weather over there? Because I know up here in Jersey, it's been gloomy and.

[1:19] Mike Odom: Rainy.

[1:22] James Newman: Oh, it's pouring the rain around here.

[1:24] Tiffany Winesette: Oh, you guys got it too.

[1:26] Mike Odom: Oh, no. Gorgeous sunshine here, sorry.

[1:30] Tiffany Winesette: Where are you at?

[1:32] Mike Odom: Mississippi, oh, nice.

Yeah, we'll get some rain tonight. I mean, this afternoon, it's been raining every day for the last week.

[1:42] Tiffany Winesette: Yeah, I'm ready for some sunshine. I need it. All right. Okay. So let's go ahead and get started and then we'll just catch Ray up then once he joins, all right.

Well, thank you guys so much for joining our call today. As you could see, I have John on the call with me. He's one of our consultants. I believe Mike, you might have met him before, but Mike, you've mentioned in the email that a decision was made to move off the IBM i, and, you know, as part of our partnership with Profound, it's important for us to be there every step of the way.

So that's kind of why I wanted John on the call with me. So just so we can kind of discuss and strategize how we can best support you during your big move. So some info that I gathered from the email, I kind of just want to go over and make sure I didn't miss anything.

So what I've gathered is you guys have made the decision now to move off the IBM i and into a cloud based financial and ERP software. You mentioned that the new ERP that's probably going to be a long and painful process, but you want to continue improving applications since the current system is as a backup plan, you know, in case the implementation goes wrong or anything like that.

And then also that starting this month, you're looking at implementing a new time card system. Is there anything that I missed?

[3:07] Mike Odom: Nope. That's it, of course, the time card system is going to take a lot longer than everybody thought. So we're just in what they call the discovery phase.

So we had two meetings last week. We're not supposed to meet again until next week. So, who knows how long that's going to take, but it's been a very slow process for us as usual.

[3:30] Tiffany Winesette: Okay. And then how are you going to be creating this time card system? Like what softwares are you going to be using? And what language?

[3:39] Mike Odom: It's already a package called TimeClock Plus. So it's a cloud based system. So we're not doing anything with it other than trying to integrate some of their data back with ours. So we can do some custom reporting that we have some needs that we have.

So we're working with them on capturing some of our data so we can go back and forth. And plus they have to integrate to our payroll system which is ADP. So it's a –.

I wrote the time and attendance system. So it's –… it's going to be interesting to see how all that falls out. But they… were –, I think Ray's impression was that we'd be up and running on it this month and I kind of doubted it because there's a lot of hardware that we have to buy and hook to people's PCS and laptops, and it's a lot more involved than just turning it on. So –… I really have no clue, – have no clue how long it's going to take.

And we haven't –, we haven't selected –, we haven't selected a financial package or ERP yet. So we've had a couple demos and we're still waiting on a – on a –, another demo for one of them so we can bring in other areas of the business because right now all the people that have been looking at these has been our accounting and it users. So we have to get the other users involved.

Obviously, we can't just say, okay by the way we chose this ERP for you have fun with it, you know, so – that's.

[5:07] Tiffany Winesette: Close.

[5:08] Mike Odom: But we need to –, I'm – I've been pushing, our – management saying that we do need to keep maintaining our –, our system because we've kind of stopped doing a few things. Well, we're not going to spend time doing that or we're not going to spend time doing that.

And I said, well, you know, if you don't then whenever the ERP starts launching, if there's an issue, then you've lost however many years of stuff that you could have had in place and been working. So we're short staffed obviously just – I'd say we have a total of two developers spread between three people. So maybe… with two and a half, but we just don't –, I mean, and most of that's doing support.

So we don't have a lot of bandwidth to do new things. That's why we've been dragging on the Profound product itself we've had – we – actually, I started a project about two years ago on completely rewriting one of our applications with Profound in mind or the Genie tool in mind. And we're probably 75 percent of the way done with that. And so it's sitting and it's just been when – when we have time to work on it kind of – kind of thing.

And I think if I sat down and – and spent all my time on it, I could probably knock it out in about a month or so but then –, but it would have to go through testing and stuff. But I just don't know that there's going to be an appetite for our users to learn something new or even try to get a new application on an existing one that works for them already, you know?

So what I've spoke to Ray about as well when she was on the call was, you know, let's go ahead and get people using the out of the box Genie just to get them used to – to the interface.

It's going to be interesting to see how our people absorb… training especially on a new system. So training's a big problem with us. And I just – I feel like that if we –, if we just say, okay, we're going to use Profound out of the box and then customize the screens we need, to make it work. Better.

Let's go ahead and do that. That way they're at least used to the interface and you've got that kind of knocked out and then just getting used to the new system as opposed to throwing both at them at the same time. So.

That's kind of where I'm sitting with it and we just really started having kind of those discussions to do that, but it's –, it's like pulling teeth for somebody to pull the trigger. So, you know, I wish it was my decision because it had been made already.

[7:44] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, Mike, do you mind if I ask? So, Genie – about 75 percent done some of the screens you've been working on. So, is currently everyone still running on a green screen?

[7:59] Mike Odom: Yes. Yeah.

[8:01] John Fitisemanu: Okay. And when you say your people, what teams or departments are using those green screens?

[8:07] Mike Odom: Everybody, everybody. Okay.

Yeah, the whole application's all green screen. So there's nobody using the GUI interface to do anything as far as the ERP or accounting system goes. Got it. It's all legacy green screen stuff. So the –, go ahead.

[8:24] John Fitisemanu: Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead. No. Finish your thought.

[8:26] Mike Odom: Yeah, I was going to say that the – out of the box Genie works really well with what I would call the newer development which follows some standards.

The legacy system had zero standards. So, – a lot of the legacy screens that are still in play today, that again are like pulling teeth to get somebody to look at a different screen that has the same data on it. Yeah, yeah, they don't fit as well or present as well.

Let me say in Genie as the other ones do because the Genie follows the IBM standard which we did as far as where options are and command keys are. So all that translates really nicely and makes the point and click really good. Whereas the other screens, you're going to have to remember what buttons to push because they don't show what buttons are available. You just have to know.

So it's kind of one of those things that we –, you know, those –. And there's one screen that I think of in particular that branches off into 90, some odd, different options that everybody uses. And we have eight versions of that screen.

Oh, so, yeah. And the reason why they have eight versions of that screen is because, well, there's a purchasing version. There's a warehouse version. There's an inventory version.

There's an engineering version there's. Oh, I like this Guy. He wants this version and there's another one that says, okay, well, we're going to try to consolidate all these into one version. And that didn't – that's still in use, but it didn't go over very well when it was first introduced about 10 years ago, but yeah, it's –, this organization is very difficult to change or in fact, they don't even ask for anything everyone assumes that's how it is, and that's what we have to deal with.

If it could have been done, it already would have been done. Is their attitude? Yeah.

And I'm looking at it and it's like, no, no, that's not the case at all. So, but it's been a –. I think we first got Genie back right? Pre COVID, I think right before COVID, and we were all excited about it.

And then COVID hit and just, we lost momentum really fast. So, it's been sitting.

[10:40] John Fitisemanu: Do you know why they decided to move off?

Was there a change in leadership?

[10:46] Mike Odom: Yes, yes.

[10:49] John Fitisemanu: New CTO, new CIO.

[10:52] Mike Odom: The person that's coming in and eventually taking over, she is the name of the company Fletcher. She is a Fletcher.

[11:02] John Fitisemanu: Ah, I see.

[11:03] Mike Odom: It's a family business.

[11:05] John Fitisemanu: Yep.

[11:06] Mike Odom: Okay.

Yeah. So that's what – this time card thing came out of the blue. It's like I found out. Well, we're going to start implementing it in June. This was like middle of may.

I was like, oh, thanks for letting me know. And, you know, there's nobody thought of all the stuff. All I'm thinking is they're just keying hours. No, it's more to it than that.

And so, you know, we're –, I don't know… but, you know, where we're now is. I'm –, I'm old, I'm 63 years old. So I'll be retiring soon. The other person that –, we only had two people on staff before that actually knew the system very well. I didn't come on until 2014.

The other person came on in 2009 and retired in 20 20. He's still working a couple days a week. We have another person working a couple days a week. And then we hired James right after COVID or during COVID, I can't remember.

[12:03] James Newman: Yeah, right at the beginning of.

[12:05] Mike Odom: It, right? At the beginning, but, you know, he – 50 percent or more of his time is spent doing the admin stuff on the iSeries. So he's kind of a semi part time or semi full time developer too.

And then there's me so that's it. So the fear is they can't find other resources or other RPG people is what their concern is. And so they want to go to another application, they can not have to worry about that anymore.

Yeah. Same story here all over the place.

[12:37] John Fitisemanu: Exactly.

[12:38] Mike Odom: So, you know, the – it's going to be interesting but I haven't had much luck getting to do what we've done so far. It's been like pulling teeth. And that's why I don't know like I said, look, we need to go ahead and get all this updated, bring on some resources to help us get all these – screens customized that we need to. So it presents well. And then we're set.

I don't know if I'm going to get –, how much of that if any I'm going to get so – but I think that's what we should do, you know, minimally we should just give everybody the icon and take away ACS and say, here you go make it work. Because the people that – the screens that need to present better, the people that use them anyway, know all the buttons in like the back of their hand already.

And all the screens are going to work the same. They don't have to do the drop downs or whatever as long as they know what's what, they can still push the buttons and not even look at the screen and it'll still work but it's… –, the one thing that we did have a problem with when we first tested this about three years ago is we have – tablets in our warehouse and they scan labels and those labels have I… guess values in front of the results that tell the RPG program what they scan or what bits and pieces it parses it out well.

For some reason. On the tablets. When we did that scan, the RPG program didn't get everything that the scanner put in when we were using Genie.

I don't know why something – the PTF change or something – we didn't really do anything and it started working. So I don't know if that's still an issue again. We haven't tested it… but keep in mind that we have a bunch of tablets out there. When we get into the widescreen stuff, they don't present well on the tablets on the green screen.

I haven't really looked to see what it would look like in Genie on the tablets, those are the kind of things we need to look like. –, I mean, look at and we're going to have – ultimately to make it really work well. We would probably need to step up to Profound UI and know that, hey, this is a tablet.

I need to present it this way. Yeah… that's really what we need to do. I would think long term but I'm… kind of stuck. I'm kind of stuck.

[15:08] John Fitisemanu: I hear you.

Thanks for the –. This is some good information for us as a partner. We try to figure out how we can best support.

We've been down this road with a lot of other customers. We definitely want to help you avoid some of the missteps we've seen with other customers. Moving off the platform. Has become increasingly… popular and for a variety of reasons. But the biggest reason is it's become more difficult to find resources.

And so that makes leadership nervous. You did mention that there is a fear that the ERP migration might not be successful, which from our experience –, I would say more than 90 percent of the time they fail. I was curious if you've had experience with a similar project like that and it failed that's kind of where that fear comes from. Or is it just something you've seen secondhand?

No?

[16:09] Mike Odom: I've been involved in two and they were both successful, oh good. But in this particular organization, it's difficult to… get people trained on what we have today.

They don't follow the system. Today. We have problems every single day because they don't follow the system. And there are a lot of controls that we don't have in place that we should have in place.

But we don't… just because you've got people there that have worked there their whole lives. We've got a Guy that's retiring next week, next couple weeks. He's been there since he was 17.

He'll be 63. So he's never worked anywhere else. Oh, wow.

So that's kind of what we're dealing with. Now that's gotten –, I'm not going to say gotten better because that's not really the right term. It's just people have gotten older and retired. So the workforce at Fletcher has turned over I guess in the last six years or so.

And so there's a lot of what I would say is new blood but that doesn't mean it's any better. We have a different generation of workers now than what Fletcher used to having. So they would probably – if we had been on a new ERP, then when it started turning over, I think we'd be in a lot better place. But now that we haven't you're trying to introduce this, it's going to be challenging to get people trained on it.

I think that's my fear. Yeah. But I don't have any firsthand experience with our group of people other than a lot of the new things that we've done here recently have been for what I would say, part of that workforce that has come in, they've seen other things besides J.H. Fletcher.

So we've done –. So I think there's more – there would be more –, more open to doing it. But again, there's always doubt because that – we can't even make it work because there's only two of us. Yeah.

So I'm saying –. So it's kind of a –. Okay. We're not going to do it because we don't think you can support it. So wait a minute. Let me do it first.

Let's do it first. And then you can tell me I can't support it. So, yeah, I don't know it's been a – and you may be in remote too. I don't put –.

I'm not physically there a lot. So –, yeah. When I'm there I –. When I'm there, I push it pretty hard but –, yeah.

[18:47] James Newman: And the culture here has been, you know, if a person gets replaced, there's not a whole allotment for the outgoing to train the incoming.

[18:59] Mike Odom: Yeah.

[19:00] James Newman: But even with me when I came here, the other Guy that retired had already retired and he had to come up and – worked for two or three months to train me as a –, you know… I believe if I'm correct, Mike, they started looking like three years prior to that.

[19:21] Mike Odom: Yeah. And we're still training –. Yeah, we're still training James by the way we still have –. We're still working on him.

[19:26] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, yeah.

[19:29] Mike Odom: I'm still –, I'm still being trained too honestly, I mean, because there's –, there's some things that –.

[19:34] John Fitisemanu: It's a work in progress.

[19:35] Mike Odom: Well, I mean, there's –, I mean, there's a lot. Think about it. You've got a staff of two people supporting an entire business even though it's a small business there's a lot and we each have our own little – specialties if you will. And I had zero specialties as far as Fletcher's concerned when I started and was handed a project out of the gate.

And so that's kind of where I lived if you will. And then the other person lived in a different area of the business. And now that he's left, I've had to learn it.

I'm still learning it. And so James and I are kind of learning that together. So I try to – anytime I do something, I try to inform James here's, what I did if you run into this and, you know, I've kind of handed off what I know intimately to James so I can help him. But the admin stuff, yeah, that's – the other person's helping him a lot with that.

And so James has taken that and run with it and really improved that whole area. So it's been kind of a slow process. It's just the culture and I don't really know what to do as far as Profound and using it is concerned, I'd like to just turn –.

Like I was telling you earlier, I'd like to just turn it on and see what happens but you.

[20:41] John Fitisemanu: Know… I see a lot of –. Sorry, hey, Ray. Welcome.

[20:48] Mike Odom: Hi, Ray. We got to start talking better about Ray now. So we got to –.

Yeah, really?

[20:52] Ray Henson: I guess, I hope this call's been recorded.

[20:56] James Newman: Your ears are fine.

[20:58] John Fitisemanu: Yeah.

[20:58] Ray Henson: I'm sorry, I just came out of two other meetings –, well, one meeting and one unexpected. So I'm here.

[21:04] Mike Odom: I'm sorry.

Yeah.

[21:05] John Fitisemanu: No, you're good, Ray. It's just us, nobody important on the Profound side… question for you.

Well, I know we're short on time but there are just a few questions I want to get to… first a general statement here. It sounds like there's a lot of tribal knowledge that needs to be documented and retained. A lot of people have unique skill sets. You mentioned somebody's been there since they were 17.

There's a lot of knowledge in there that needs to be captured. I imagine if you lose a specific –, if there's turnover or retirement with a specific company, maybe two or three people that probably would impact the entire company business would probably come to a halt in a way. So, my question is –, well, it's a two part one.

Is there a lot of custom code that you're looking to preserve for… this… move to the new ERP? And then my second question is, do you have a roadmap built out or is it the ownership knows they want to move off? They just haven't figured out what the roadmap or timeline look like.

[22:18] Mike Odom: Yeah.

The latter… it's still kind of an unknown because we haven't chosen an ERP yet or we haven't chosen the system yet. And I guess we'll know more when that happens. Yeah, we've made the commitment. But as far as –, I think ultimately, when… it's all said and done, then everything – there won't be anything preserved on that series at all.

[22:53] John Fitisemanu: But I imagine the code that you have today, it's been developed… and evolved over the years. So there's nothing there that needs to be carried over. It would be – there's.

[23:07] Ray Henson: Going to be some of that business logic and some of those processes and things that are built into that. But I think – it would behoove us for the future of the company to make sure that we're obviously going to go with an off the shelf product or platform and we're going to need to adapt to it as opposed to trying to adapt it to us more so than not.

[23:35] John Fitisemanu: Oh, I see.

[23:36] Ray Henson: In my perspective, and I think from executive management's perspective as well. Now, saying that's one thing doing that may be another once we get into the heat of that transition, but.

[23:50] John Fitisemanu: You know… yeah, is the ERP… that's yet to be chosen?

Is that a decision that ownership is making on their own or is that something that you guys are – have a say in?

[24:06] Ray Henson: We're definitely heading up, that selection as far as if you want to consider us a selection committee, we've tried to weed out other options and kind of direct the, you know, the project and then we're getting ready to bring in a bunch of other key stakeholders to help us choose between two different options essentially.

[24:30] John Fitisemanu: Okay.

Gotcha. So I'll share just very quickly what we've done with other customers looking to move off the IBM i. Sometimes when they go to an ERP package, it doesn't fully meet all their needs. Sure, maybe 65 percent if, you know, at best.

So the way we've helped them is we look at a holistic approach, right? So it could be an ERP, great. But the other 35 percent, what does that look like? Should we rewrite a program?

Should we retire a program? Should we, you know, there are other options that we look at because we don't see it as a one size fits all. I'm curious to hear and maybe we can schedule a subsequent call to go over this.

If you'd be open to us sharing some additional information about helping… you guys to build a roadmap. Like we've done with other customers. That way you kind of have those milestones mapped out budget for the resources needed. And it's a phased approach with backup plans. So if something were to fail, right? It won't disrupt the business. You can still operate as usual and just pointing out some of the risks and best practices.

We've seen a little bit of that. I don't know if that would bring value or if it's you know, something that you guys have already considered?

[26:00] Ray Henson: Yeah, Mike, I mean, I think it's something we can definitely discuss internally. I don't see anything wrong with doing that and being, you know, trying to cover as many bases as we can.

[26:17] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, absolutely. I think we can at least give you the information whether it's on a call or we can put it in an email at least it'll give you guys some food… for thought really and what to avoid as you go down this journey. We're not here to dissuade you from this journey.

We know a lot of customers that are going on this journey. Yeah, we're helping them there. We just want to share as a partner, some of those best practices to help you guys?

Okay?

[26:45] Ray Henson: Maybe Mike, you're on mute, but would you, Mike and James, we want to start off with, you know, maybe with an email, we can read through that, see what kind of information you have there, and then maybe follow that up with, you know, a more one… on one combo conversation about it.

[27:04] James Newman: I could value that.

Yeah.

[27:06] Mike Odom: Sure. Yeah.

[27:08] John Fitisemanu: All right.

That sounds exciting. Happy to put something together for you guys. Send it over via email. Look it over.

I'm sure. There'll be questions and we can definitely schedule a call at your convenience to review them and talk through them together.

[27:22] Mike Odom: All right.

Okay.

[27:24] John Fitisemanu: That'd be great. Very good.

Thank you guys. I really appreciate that… Tiffany. I know we have two minutes left. I'll turn it back to you if you have any other final thoughts.

[27:36] Tiffany Winesette: Well, is there anything else that we can help you guys with in the meantime?

[27:44] Mike Odom: I don't think so. Oh, there's probably plenty to do, just a matter of how much money you want to spend. So that's the whole thing.

So, but anyway, we'll look forward to seeing that email from you.

[27:58] John Fitisemanu: Yep. I let's see if you give me about until next Wednesday. All right to put it together.

It's a lot of information, but if that's okay with you guys sounds?

[28:08] Ray Henson: Good. That'd be.

[28:08] John Fitisemanu: Great.

Very good. I'll try to customize it so that it's specific to J.H. Fletcher and sort of the engineering so that it resonates more instead of being too generic.

[28:22] Mike Odom: Yeah.

Okay. That'd be good. That'd be good.

Yeah, thank you guys. Fyi, Ray there's a new version of Genie that we need to install. So, Ted's doing that for us.

[28:35] Ray Henson: Okay, good. Very good.

[28:38] John Fitisemanu: All right. Ted Holt's, still there?

[28:39] Mike Odom: Yes, he is.

[28:41] John Fitisemanu: Oh, good. I miss him. Yeah.

[28:44] Mike Odom: He does some, he's a good man. Does a lot. He's good.

[28:48] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, he's a good man. We used to go to conferences together. He'd bring his ukulele and he'd play at the conferences. Yep. I'd just stand there and he'd sing, I love Ted. I miss him.

[29:01] Mike Odom: He's a character. If you want some chickens. He's got some for sale.

[29:04] John Fitisemanu: Yeah… I could eat some chickens in California. Why not?

Yeah. Well, tell Ted. I said, hello, I miss him. I'll do it.

Thank you so much. All right, guys. It's good talking to you.

We'll talk again soon it.

[29:21] Tiffany Winesette: Was great catching up. Have a great.

[29:22] Mike Odom: Day. Bye, thank.

[29:24] John Fitisemanu: You.

Take care. Everyone. Bye.