[0:01] Mike Odom: I know Juan is supposed to be joining us, but something came up this morning, so he might be late if he does show up. But I wanted to introduce you guys to Juan because he's new on the customer success team.

[0:13] Ray Henson: So I just wanted you guys to be aware of another resource on the team in case, you know, anything comes up or if you guys ever need anything or have any questions you have a.

[0:22] Tiffany Winesette: That way you know you have an additional resource there to help you. Okay, great.

Awesome. So let's get started. How's the year been going for you guys so far?

Busy. Oh, nice. So any big moves this year? What's going on?

Nothing necessarily out of the ordinary other than, I mean, we are. We have some other big projects that are coming down the pike, but with regard to profound logic, some of the questions I'd like to talk about or ask were just about maybe some new functionality or new things that we're maybe not aware of since we haven't really spoken in quite a while.

[1:20] Ray Henson: Yeah, of course.

Does that sound okay to you, Odom, or did you have some other specific. Okay, yeah, yeah. So with profound logic. I don't know if you guys have been receiving like the marketing emails, but we recently just released a platform called Coder Flow.

[1:38] Tiffany Winesette: Have you guys seen anything about it? Yeah, I saw a little email pop through on that. Yes.

[1:44] Ray Henson: Okay, cool.

[1:45] Tiffany Winesette: Yeah. So Coder Flow, it's like an agent orchestration and execution platform and it's built natively for the IBM I. What it does is it executes the full engineering cycle, so like writes, compiles, tests and fixes all inside your own infrastructure for you.

So it definitely speeds up all your developer productivity. So we just came out with a platform and we already had a couple customers try it out and has some success with it. Like, we had just recently one customer, their developer wasn't very familiar with like a lot of the programming language.

You know, she's pretty new and she was tasked with the project to build a new, like, internal portal and they estimated that it would take about like nine months to build. And when they found out about the Coder Flow platform and we, you know, we built it for them and everything, they were able to actually decrease the time spent on the project. They estimated nine months and they were able to complete it within like four to five weeks instead.

So it definitely like speeded everything up and then she was able to focus on the more important things while code or Flow, you know, focused on all the layers, the underlying code and everything like that. So it really like reduces Dependency on also like hard to find RPG talent. I know that's like another issue for many companies and stuff to have like more smaller, leaner IT teams. So like, this is very beneficial, you know, for those.

So if you have any like business automations or any processes that are still manual that you want to automate, coder flow is like the perfect solution for all of this. Do you think that's something that would be beneficial for you guys? I don't know. I mean, we're, you know. Right. We were in the process of more than likely going to a new ERP system. So I think we're going to be, we'll be coming off the I series here in the next three years, pretty.

Pretty sure. And we'll, we'll be hanging on to the I series for a period of time just for reference and in case anything comes up and it is our backup in case, you know, something catastrophic happens.

[3:59] Mike Odom: We're not able to convert, but we're really not doing a lot of big enhancements to the system right now.

We're just trying to keep it up to date as, as much as possible as far as business flow, things like that. As far as big enhancements to really not pursuing anything like that right now. Yeah, I get that. Yeah.

And this platform, it also works outside the IBMi as well. So it's not just specific to the IBMi, it works outside of it. So like, if there's any like reporting or if you want to like further like modernize any of your applications or maybe like possibly even look at maybe like moving some stuff over that you can use coder flow for that as well.

[4:40] Tiffany Winesette: So there's definitely many things because like, I know in the past call.

I think last time we met was sometime last year in like June or something. It was like a year ago. I know you guys mentioned about looking for a new ERP system and I know you guys also mentioned that you were looking at maybe instead of moving to an ERP system, modernizing what you guys have instead.

So I'm guessing the decision is now final. Is that what I'm hearing? Yeah, yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Danny, I was hoping you guys could push to improve the current applications. Yeah, I think it's more of a resource issue than anything else. But I mean, it's, it's, it's time, you know, for them to take advantage of some of the other stuff out there as far as the business applications are concerned. Yeah.

[5:31] Mike Odom: Okay.

[5:32] Tiffany Winesette: What kind of ERP system are you guys moving to? Do you, you Guys finalized it. We were looking at Infor Cloud Suite Industrial.

[5:42] Mike Odom: Okay, I don't think I've heard of that one. Okay, nice. What does that offer?

Can you tell me a little bit more about it? It's a, it's a manufacturer.

[5:52] Tiffany Winesette: It's born of a manufacturing manufacturing system. So it's a conglomeration of a bunch of legacy manufacturing applications that's been, you know, modernized and made cloud based.

A lot of the concepts and stuff in it are similar to what we have already because our system was based on the same manufacturing systems that they were born from, if you will.

[6:15] Mike Odom: And ironically they're I series based. So they. But it's from what I've read, it's, you know, if you ever heard of MAPICS.

But that's the one the big manufacturing systems IBM had back in the 80s and that's what a lot of our stuff's based off of. And so this company grew by acquisition and they acquired a company called Lawson. And Lawson used to be I series based plus they were, I think Oracle.

They had several versions of it. So they've taken that and just made it into a holistic package, if you will, for everything. So it does all the financial applications plus plus the erp.

So it's a holistic thing for us because everything we have is homegrown. We went to ADP about three years ago to get off our homegrown payroll application. And so that's kind of, kind of how we're migrating away from ibmi.

Okay, got it. Okay, do you guys have anything important on the I series that you guys are looking at possibly maybe moving over? Everything's going over, so it's.

Oh, everything. Yeah, so we've, we just, we just implemented a timekeeping system, a cloud based timekeeping system which we're still interfacing back to our legacy application for a couple of reasons but.

[7:39] Tiffany Winesette: But we're just slowly migrating things over. So you know, the, the big, the next big one is, is everything else.

[7:48] Mike Odom: Oh no.

How's the migration been going? Has it been working out for you. Guys or hadn't started yet, all those conversations. We had a little delay, a little hiccup in the business last year and we, we had a cyber attack. So we're recovering from that.

Yeah, so we've recovered from that.

[8:09] Tiffany Winesette: And so that kind of delayed us a little bit on the, on the erp but we're supposed to pick that back up this fall. Okay, so.

[8:17] Mike Odom: So really hadn't gotten, haven't hit the ground running yet, but as soon as We. Since fall hits, we will.

Okay, nice. So I'm guessing you guys already have like a migration plan and everything then? Yes, I mean, the company that we're working with, that they've. That's what they do, so.

Okay, perfect. So you guys are all set then?

[8:36] Tiffany Winesette: That's good.

[8:37] Mike Odom: Fingers crossed. Yeah, definitely. I'm gonna be crossing my fingers. Yeah.

Yeah. It's gonna be a long process.

[8:45] Tiffany Winesette: Oh, yeah, I can imagine.

You said three years, right?

[8:48] Mike Odom: I think before it's fully shaken out and, you know, all the glitches are done. I think 18 months is probably a reasonable time frame as far as it being going live, if you will.

[8:58] Tiffany Winesette: And just, Just getting.

[9:00] Mike Odom: Getting all the kinks worked out is going to take. Take a little bit, but that's been my experience in the past, but I've been through this before.

[9:07] Tiffany Winesette: Yeah.

Okay, that's good. Nice.

[9:11] Mike Odom: And so what else is new? Have you guys been exploring AI? I know that's been like the hot topic with everyone right now. Yeah, we have.

Yeah. We've been looking at, you know, outside of just basic prompting questions, you know, there's some other areas where I've started to.

[9:33] Tiffany Winesette: And with odum too, which we need to reconnect on that mike here sometime. Just looking at other ways to use some more, you know, building other agents out and things that we can do to make our.

[9:46] Ray Henson: Ourselves and the company more efficient.

Okay, nice. What kind of agents are you guys building? Is it more for like, you know, support or is it to help, like, internally? Yeah, both.

Oh, nice. So, yeah, we're just tinkering right now, trying to figure some stuff out.

[10:12] Tiffany Winesette: Raise you a lot more experience with it than me.

I just, I use it from a development standpoint. It's helped a lot from that. That side.

Oh, nice. Have you guys been using like, Claude or what kind of AI have you guys been using?

[10:26] Ray Henson: We've been bouncing around a little bit, actually, between Open AI and Chat GPT and.

[10:32] Mike Odom: And Microsoft Copilot, and I've dabbled with Claude a little bit too.

[10:37] Tiffany Winesette: But. Yeah, you guys have a favorite yet? I like Copilot just because it already integrates with, you know, the rest of the Microsoft 365 suite.

[10:51] Ray Henson: Yeah.

Tools. So it's kind of a. Probably forcing our hand a little bit there just because it's already all integrated.

[11:02] Tiffany Winesette: That's true.

That's true. Yeah.

[11:04] Ray Henson: I've been dabbling a lot with Claude lately and I've been really liking it. Man, AI is so cool. Yeah, it is. Yeah.

It's definitely made My life easier. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. That's cool.

So, yeah, that's a.

[11:20] Tiffany Winesette: That's all I really have from my end. Did you guys have any questions or is there any, you know, feedback or anything that you guys want to share? Yeah, like Mike said, you know, we will be keeping the I series around for a number of years. If nothing else, just for historical access to, to, you know, older information that we were unable or not willing to, to bring over into the new system.

[11:55] Ray Henson: But you know, are there any other changes in or with Genie? That's really the only product we've really been, you know, we've even really used or, you know, up to this point. No, there hasn't been any changes to GENIE that I've been aware of. I mean, the recent updates, it's only been just like, you know, like bug fixes, some enhancements, but there hasn't been any like added functionalities or anything like that.

Yeah, if you are looking for something that has more functionalities, then I would recommend like upgrading to the Profound UI.

[12:32] Tiffany Winesette: But. But if you guys are migrating to a new ERP system, I don't know if that would make sense. Then.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

But I would still recommend checking out coder flow though, because, I mean, even though you guys will be migrating over, you did mention that you're going to be keeping the I series as well. And like I mentioned, Coderflow also works outside the I series. So I feel like you could definitely like, use it for a lot of like, your processes, any like, prompts, reporting needs if you need to look into the data, any stuff like that, like auditing too.

Like, there's many ways that it can help out. So I would recommend, like if you're looking at, you know, another tool or something, checking out coder flow because I feel like that would be like the next best step. Okay. Website and see if anything catches her on.

Yeah, and what I can do is I can also send you an email with some of the resources. I know we released a white paper and then one of our solutions architects, Gary Jones, I'm sure you've probably heard of his name, but he just recently did a webinar on coder flow as well.

[13:44] Ray Henson: So I'll see if I can find that video and send it over to you guys.

[13:48] Mike Odom: All right.

[13:49] Tiffany Winesette: Okay. That sounds good. Thank you, Tiffany. Of course.

No problem. Is there anything else I can get you guys? I don't think so.

I don't think so. Awesome. Well, it was great catching up. I know it's been a while, so.

Yeah. So don't hesitate to reach out. If you guys need anything.

[14:10] Mike Odom: You know I'm always here to help.

[14:12] Ray Henson: Sounds good.

Yeah.

[14:13] Tiffany Winesette: Thanks a lot, Tiffany. Take care.

Yeah, you too. Have a great day. And have a great weekend. Thank you. Bye.