[0:01] John Fitisemanu: Good morning, everyone. Welcome.

[0:03] Chuck Brown: Good morning.

[0:05] Gary Jones: Hello.

[0:06] John Fitisemanu: Hi. Hi, julia. Welcome. Hi, chuck. Welcome.

[0:09] Chuck Brown: Thank you.

[0:17] Gary Jones: So I've been racking my brains. Back in the 90s, Infor sent me out to Bluefield, West Virginia to work for a mining company making the squat vehicles that go into the mines. And I can't for life remember the company name, and I don't think they're around anymore, but interesting part of the world, there was nothing to do.

[0:43] Julia Fletcher: There's lots to do.

You. But you probably need a fishing rod.

[0:47] Gary Jones: Yeah.

[0:50] John Fitisemanu: And Gary's from New York, so.

New York, you know, compared to plans to do here. Yeah. Hey, Ray. Welcome.

[0:59] Chuck Brown: I don't know. I don't know who I was manufacturing. Bluefield.

[1:02] John Fitisemanu: Morning, guys.

Morning. Sorry, Chuck, you were. You were saying.

[1:10] Chuck Brown: Oh, I. I don't remember who was manufacturing that type of equipment in Bluefield at the time. There's plenty of mines in that area, but not really sure.

[1:20] Gary Jones: Yeah.

[1:22] Chuck Brown: You were working with M4 back in those days.

[1:24] Gary Jones: Yeah, well, the company was JBA. Infor bought JBA System 21. They still run it.

[1:30] Chuck Brown: Okay.

[1:31] Gary Jones: But. But I came over in the early 90s with JBA to sort of expand into the US market with the Y2K bug. So that was a good time for. For us. And.

Yeah. Yeah, I was sent to Bluefield. And. Yeah, everybody descended on the Holiday Inn because that's where all the entertainment was of a nighttime. Okay.

Yeah,.

[2:01] Chuck Brown: There's other experiences in Western besides that, but it's.

[2:05] Gary Jones: Yeah, they don't understand much.

They work. They worked as hard. They didn't let us say much.

[2:11] John Fitisemanu: Well, you were welcome, Scotty.

I think we're. We have a full quorum or we're waiting for Rod or.

[2:26] Mike Odom: Yeah, Rod's not gonna make it. He had a conflict.

[2:30] John Fitisemanu: Okay.

Okay. So we. So should we go ahead and dive in?

[2:33] Julia Fletcher: Yes.

[2:35] Mike Odom: Yes.

[2:35] John Fitisemanu: All right, Perfect.

[2:38] Ray Henson: Sorry, John.

Do you. Do you guys mind recording?

[2:41] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Recordings on.

Yeah.

[2:44] Ray Henson: Thank you.

[2:45] John Fitisemanu: Oh, there's James. Hey, James. Welcome.

[2:50] James Newman: Hello. I'm late.

[2:54] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, no, you're fine.

You're fine. We haven't started yet. We're just about to start, so you're right on time. I'll go off camera here. All right.

Good morning, everyone. Thank you so much for taking the time to meet with us today. We have an exciting demo to show you. Before we jump into the demo, just wanted to go over the agenda real quick. So for today's demo, we have a number of solutions to take a look at.

I want to show you two quick slides. One slide, just to recap what we discussed on our call last week to make sure there's alignment there and to see if there's anything else that we might be missing that we might want to discuss during the demo today. And then the second slide is just to quickly show how profound Logic can be a strategic partner for a number of these initiatives and a number of these challenges that you're facing.

But before we dive in I want to give a quick, do a quick round of introductions because some of us are meeting for the first time. So I'll go ahead and start and then turn it over to Gary and then we'll kick it over to your side Ray, if that's okay.

So I'm John Fitisemanu. I'm your account executive. I'm your day to day contact. I work with Tiffany.

Tiffany's our head of customer success and so I'm your person when you need a demo, a quote, a proposal, references a demo, things of that nature. I'm the person you go to. Been with Profound Logic for eight and a half years, based out of Southern California. And I'll turn it over to Gary for an introduction.

[4:42] Gary Jones: Yeah. So Gary Jones, I am an IBMi software engineer since the System 34. So I've got like, and I don't think I can say this too much longer, 30 something years. I think it's probably going to be close to 40 years.

It's like G share my age now but I've always been, you know, sort of bleeding edge and, and really progressing my career to move to the, you know, quickly to the 30, 36. Then as soon as the 400 came out the Silver Lake I was on that and then came to the US to, to build offices and expand into the US for, for infor as I mentioned I did take five years out to work in a full stack Java shop which taught me a lot about the CI CD process and cloud computing.

Been back with Profound Logic for the last five years supporting the sales team, having a lot of fun with the products which we will see today.

And that's me.

[5:46] John Fitisemanu: Thanks Gary.

Ray, if you wouldn't mind on your side please.

[5:51] Ray Henson: Yeah, I'm Ray Henson, I'm director of it. I've been with Fletcher for 19 and a half years. So my main focus has always been on well, cyber security systems, you know, Windows systems administration.

So. And I'll get over to Chuck.

[6:16] Chuck Brown: Sorry about that.

Right. Somebody stopped by, say something. Chuck Brown, CFO here at Fletcher, has been here for about 30 years. I'm not sure what else to say. I guess that's about it for now.

[6:33] Ray Henson: Julia.

[6:34] Julia Fletcher: I guess I'll go. Sure. So I'm Julia Fletcher. I'm the president of J.H.

Fletcher and Company. I know enough about software to be annoying. I think.

I think Ray would attest to that.

[6:51] Mike Odom: I think he was include the fifth actually. But that's okay.

[6:54] Chuck Brown: Yeah. You've been around.

[6:57] Julia Fletcher: No, but I. I did. I worked as head of operations for a database startup company deploying Berkeley tree databases to utilities. And I've been a solution designer in house for a boutique defense firm that did natural language processing layers over graph databases before it was cool. So in like 2019, 2018. 2019.

So yeah, I know enough to be annoying.

[7:28] Gary Jones: That's all that's interesting.

[7:32] Mike Odom: Yeah.

Mike. Adam. I do all the business applications on. The AS 400 or IBM.

I like you. I've got a little over 42 years experience on the system. I started on system 38, but I know enough to be dangerous on a 34 and a 36 but. And been doing this for 42 years.

[7:53] James Newman: My name's James Newman. Been with I series since 98 programming systems. You know, I need to get my. Hands in on it.

So. Jack of all trades. Master.

No.

[8:11] Mike Odom: No comment.

[8:12] John Fitisemanu: Thank you. Here we get everyone.

[8:15] Ray Henson: Like that's it.

[8:16] John Fitisemanu: Yeah. All right, well thank you guys. Appreciate it. A lot of great tribal knowledge on the call, which is great. That's what we want.

Also a lot of good energy. So looking forward to having a good time today. So we'll start with this, as you can see on the slide, futurising your IBMi without the migration risk or cost. And so we're.

We're the cheaper, low risk alternative for many folks who are looking at moving to an ERP or have tried to but maybe didn't go so well. So that's where profound logic steps in. So just want to quickly recap where we are today and what we heard just to make sure there's alignment there and also to make sure we didn't miss anything. So one resource constraint.

This is something that's common with all of our customers. We've been around for 27 years now. And so they're not making RPG developers every single day like they are any other language. Right. So it's very tough to find resources to support the system long term. All right.

So profound. Has a very unique approach to addressing this specific challenge. Decades of technical debt.

Yep. As you guys have shared, there's decades of experience on the call. Likely there's also a lot of technical debt that needs to be reviewed and Addressed high stakes fork in the road. You know, a lot of folks are worried about the future, so they need to figure out whether it's time to move off or stay on.

And that's always a risk, right? Because you don't want to move off and risk breaking something or make the wrong decision. But you also don't want to stay on too long and be left behind versus your competitors fear of breaking what works. Yep, we see that all the time. We work with shops as small as two people, all the way up to multibillion dollar companies.

We have over a thousand customers that we've worked with around the globe from every single industry. And so the thing that we've seen is it's very hard to modern to modernize when you're trying to keep the business running. Right. And so we have a very unique approach that allows for coexistence, that allows for your business to keep on running while you're modernizing in phases. That way there's minimal risk and minimal disruption.

Budget clarity. So, you know, as we show you options today, we'll kind of narrow down what makes sense because there's so many ways to tackle futurization. So as we start to narrow down, as we start to have more conversations, we'll be able to give you recommendations and you of course give us feedback on which makes sense. And then we can start to narrow in on what the potential cost might be.

Then of course, executive alignment. You know, modernization or futurization projects very often include technical stakeholders. But we love that you guys understand the gravity of this type of initiative. And there's always a need to align business with technical because sometimes those two have different ideas.

And so we're here as a third party, as an extra set of eyes to say here are the pros and cons and here's where we can help save you money and save you time. So just the final slide here. Here are some of the areas that we specialize in that you may not be familiar with. I know you guys have been a customer of ours for a while and you use one of our software products, which is genie, and that's where every one of our customers starts.

That's the first piece of the puzzle, the first step of futurization. But we have the ability to provide developers and resources to help with your futurization projects. So when it comes to resource constraint, we have software and resources to provide.

When it comes to addressing technical debt and data issues, we also have experience with that as well. In fact, and Gary could speak to this as we go through the demo today, as you see it live, but we are literally, our team's literally going to Ohio next week to kick off a discovery with another customer similar in size.

They have a lot of the same challenges that you guys are, are experiencing. And Gary will be there on site. We're meeting with their president, their cfo, their CEO, their hosti suite, and it's a big initiative, multiple years, multiple phases. Again, everyone's different.

You know, sometimes we, we work with smaller companies, but we also work with bigger companies and we're able to provide that expertise. ERP versus modernization. So I touched on this earlier. There's a coexistence that you'll see in the demo how you're able to modernize without disrupting the business. And you can go by phase.

It's very low risk. You, you can always roll things back if you feel that you need to. You can also pivot if the business needs change and you can move to a different piece of the business. But you're also able to see ROI very quickly because you're not waiting, unlike an ERP migration, you're not waiting to the end of those two to three years to see if it worked or not.

You're going to see pieces of your application modernized and so you'll see the ROI after one phase. And one phase could be one month, two months, three months. So you, you're going to see whether or not this path makes sense in the ROI behind it, and then finally modernization.

We need to get you guys to a modern ui and there's multiple ways that we can do that. We have multiple tools that can, that we're going to show you today. So that's it in a nutshell.

I'll take a step back and I'll turn things over to Gary.

[14:29] Gary Jones: Thanks, Johnny.

[14:30] John Fitisemanu: Yep. Let me stop sharing. Perfect.

[14:38] Gary Jones: Hopefully everybody can see my screen. So I got a couple of slides just to echo what Johnny said that we'll go through. We don't use PowerPoint anymore.

We're using CoderFlow to do our demo slides. You know, so I through that ask into the CoderFlow environment this morning, told it to go out to your website, steal your colors, steal your logos. It came back and it produced the slides for me.

You know, so we're not talking about just development here. We're talking about CoderFlow is able to do work for you and we're going to be talking about the documentation process then. Absolutely.

CoderFlow should be doing your documentation and it should be maintaining in background that wiki or that content management site that you have for your documentation without you even having to ask to do it. With every commit that you do, it should spawn a task that CoderFlow then goes and does the documentation for you.

So you do it without thought. So again, just to echo what Jonny just said, where we left off when one thing I did notice in listening to the Last call was the statement of one and a half developers.

I want to talk a little bit about giving you back the two developers and trying to not only use CoderFlow for development and moving the software forward, but identifying those items, those time suck items that are pulling you away from achieving that. So kind of like treating this as a two path approach to moving the team forward.

Johnny talked about futurising don't migrate. I think that's a great plan. In my decades of witnessing this, I've seen some companies manage to migrate with a lot of pain and very empty wallets in doing so, but a lot of the user community being disheartened by the, the sudden shift in flow and losing all of that system that they're used to. So doing things slowly, bringing your user community along for the ride, I think is hugely successful. And today we're going to watch it run.

We're going to see live agents working code, we're going to do some refactoring of legacy programs with some self testing, documenting and we're going to see that wow moment of taking something that is legacy, making it look incredible even though it's the same RPG under the covers and then perhaps doing some further work on that. So what is CoderFlow? It is a platform. We're seeing a lot of people adopting copilots, you know, putting some AI into a development environment.

Well, CoderFlow is not that. CoderFlow takes the beyond that and allows you to define work. And if you can define work to CoderFlow, then you can, you know, do 1, 2, 4, 6 of jobs on a Monday morning, go do your meetings and come back and then see what work was completed.

The better you set up your environments, the tighter you are with your, your task definition and the skills that you've built along the way, the better is that those results are going to become over time. So the agents that don't just suggest code, they are going to generate the code, they're going to compile it.

If the compile fails, it will iterate through fix the code, making sure that program gets compiled and then it will test it, it will build its own test plan, it will run any tests that you want it to do as well. But it will build its own test plan and make sure that the change that it's made fits the original ask.

And if it doesn't, it will change the code again and go through an iteration process. You can put controls around that so it doesn't go, you know, so many times that it just goes down a path of consuming AI credit.

But certainly you want it to go through it a few times to make sure it's delivering the best possible prompts it can to you. It's isolated and secure.

What happens is when we launch a CoderFlow task, we're going to launch a Docker container on the server where all of the work is done. The only thing that's done outside of that container, because the IBM I doesn't understand Docker containers, is we're going to build a temporary library on the IBM I where the objects are going to be compiled and tested.

It's in nobody else's library list, nobody else knows it's there. And when it's all done, that gets deleted and cleaned up. Once the work is done in the container, you get the chance to look at it, you get the chance to test it, and if you don't like it, you hit the delete button and it's like it never existed. Or you can further work it, of course, tweak it.

And only when you're happy with those results do you then commit those changes back to the repo and build those objects in your QA environment on the IBM I for your users to see and test. Okay? So everything you do, completely isolated, completely secure, you cannot break anything. And because CoderFlow is just another IBM user on the IBM I, you can control what it sees and what it can and cannot do. And we'll see multimodal and extensible.

So we can leverage Claude. We like Claude. Claude does a great job. Bob is there, you'll see.

Bob. BOB is a, you know, is a fork of Visual Studio code. And under the covers there's a variant of CLAUDE which is trained specifically on the IBM environment. You can use Bob, you can use Codex Gemini and now you can use Grok as well. And it's full cycle execution.

Like I say, it's going to read the code from your repo, it's going to understand it. If you want to document the code and feed that back in, that's absolutely great.

Perhaps you want to put in your tribal knowledge as well in documentation and you can feed that back in to AI and therefore it's going to have a greater understanding of the code right out of the gate. But if it's not there, absolutely, it can read it and it can exhaustively understand that code better than you or I could just taking a first look at it.

It will write new code, it will edit existing code and it will compile and test like I say, and only when it's got a good compilation, it's got a good test plan that's passed, it's going to come to you for that human approval. Again, nothing ships without your sign off. All right, I'll take a breath. Any questions?

[21:29] Chuck Brown: No?

[21:30] Gary Jones: Okay, so why this matters for you guys? You know, it's going to be a force multiplier for the one and a half devs. You've now got a hundred junior devs on the team. If that's what you want to do.

I say you can come in on a Monday morning, you can launch six tasks processing six tickets from your backlog. You can go to the meeting, you can install CoderFlow on your phone if you want, and you can watch it in the meeting. And if it stops and says, hey, I need, I need you to clarify something. You can sort of type it on your phone, get it on its way again. All right, I do want to talk a little bit about, you know, automation as well.

So there's two parallel paths things, but you can go on. But for example, if you do have a ticketing system where users are logging bugs, why do you need to process that ticketing system when you could have an environment that polls the ticketing system, opens the bug, understands it, reproduces it, and provides you a fix in an isolated container before you even know that it was an issue, then you've got a completed solution to look at rather than trying to read and understand the bug.

So if that's something that's taking your time, then look at building that automation to give you time back to work on the projects that are important to you and the bugs are being handled like you've got a junior developer on the team handling that queue for you. Right?

Capturing knowledge before it retires the documentation process. A lot of people looking at this and are looking at, you know, other co pilots are really keen on building that documentation and we're going to see that happen today. But again, don't think about going out and creating that task yourself.

Perhaps put it in the deployment process that every time you deploy a change or you deploy new code, then it spawns a task that goes and says, okay, I need to document This I need to not only update my technical wiki, but I also need to update my user documentation. And we're going to see that today.

We're going to see technical documentation and user documentation. So the user community have updated documentation as well. You know, with tips, tricks, new screen changes, any FAQs or even updates to how they contact you. If you put in a new ticketing system or a new URL endpoint for that ticketing system, you need to update that documentation.

It's one task and it's all done a map of what's still used. You know, let's look at the whole code base. You know, what are you still using, what's dead.

It's able to go in and run commands on the IBM I that we would run as engineers to see what is currently being used, what hasn't been used. Let's look at journals, you know, what programs are updating what files and making sure that, you know, we're starting to lean the system out and focusing on what matters to the user community and leaving what isn't being used or is only being used once a year.

Let's leave that alone for the time being. Right? And modernizing phases. It's not big bang anymore.

It's an opportunity for you to slowly roll out changes and enhancements to the user community without changing the flow that they're used to. All right, so things are more controlled. The user community is involved, they're invested and they feel like they are, you know, driving the project forward rather than a whole new ERP system being forced upon them.

And just to talk about one example, I'm sure John has already mentioned this in previous call, but one of our early adopters did take CoderFlow. They were actually doing a conversion from a.net system to Node JS running on the IBMI.

So again, it's language agnostic. The AI knows all of these languages and it knows RPG and it knows scaling, it knows COBOL, if that's where you want to play. But if you do want to do web applications, if you do want to new ideas, encode a flow will just do it perfectly. And they did a NET to node JS conversion, um, expecting it to take nine months.

They did it in one month. That was one person on the team learning to use CoderFlow, trying to do their other day job at the same time. And they got it done in four weeks.

They ran a thousand tasks. They cut 300 lines, 300,000 lines of code, and they committed 80,000 lines of that code. And within four weeks, the user community were able to get in there and start their QA on that. Right. And to quote them, they're very happy and do not see a reason to move forward with CoderFlow as the agentic tools.

All right, I'm going to get into live demo now. Any more questions before we get in there? Cool. All right, so I know technical and user documentation was mentioned. We're going to go ahead and we're going to launch that.

And we see CoderFlow for the first time. It's running on a server. Nothing to install on your local laptop if you don't want to. You can run Visual Studio code on your local laptop and there is a CoderFlow extension for that if you choose to do that.

But the core of it is running on a Linux server and that's where all the tasks are running. So there's no burden on the IBM I itself. It will, you know, log in and run commands and do compiles on the IBM I, but everything is running on the CoderFlow server. So we're going to go ahead.

We have this environment or playing in the IBMI development environment. And we are going to, in this case, use a template. So I created a template here called Document a Program because I'm doing this over and over again. I want to document a program. I want it in a certain format.

I want user documentation. I've built a template and we can look what that template is. Here's the task document, an RPG or sales source file. Produce technical documentation. There's an IBM I program documentation skill for IT to use. And we'll talk about skills in a minute.

Produce user documentation, tells it where to put it, icons to use in the user documentation and things like that. And you build these skills over time as you start to sort of tweak and hone in exactly the work you want doing. But so I don't have to type it over and over again, I have a template to do this.

I'll click on this and it's going to look in my repo and I can select whichever program I want to document. And that's now a parameter that's going to be passed to that template. And you can see I had in my clipboard, when you are complete, also email the technical documentation to me as a PDF file. Here's all my AI agents that I have available to me and I can select one, two, three, four or five of them.

I'm just going to go ahead and select Claude and Bob for this one. I can have Two Claudes running if I want, because AI is non deterministic, I might get a different answer from the same model. It's like having two junior developers on the team that are trained up the same way. They're still going to have their own thoughts, emotions and whatever as they go away and do that work for you.

But in this instance, I'm just going to go with Claude and a Bob and I'm just going to make sure. I'm going to turn judging off. We'll talk about judging in a minute, but I don't want to judge this. I'm just going to go ahead and run this.

And with all that set, I hit go and that spawns two tasks. And you can see now that down here I have the document Work Start program, which I can go ahead and put in the J.H. J.H. Fletcher. It's kind of like an Epic and stories idea. If you use jira and they are now running and we'll come back to those in a minute, we have Impact analysis and Jira planning.

Okay, so again, that's actually going to open up the wrong ticket. I'm going to go ahead and show you what I did because I did this one earlier and this was my, my task, my ask. I'm just going to go ahead and show you what the prompt was. It's review the Work with Customers program. It is old, it is buggy.

In the role of a modern RPG senior developer. Analyze the source and break it down into actionable changes that could be made without too much destruction. I give me the technical debt, something that I can sort of chip away at. If I can take small bites of this elephant, what would I do?

Use the JIRA skill. So here we have another skill. I didn't have a way of building JIRA tickets out of the box with CoderFlow, but CoderFlow has what's called the skill making skill. And I started a task to say, hey, CoderFlow, I'd like to create, change, delete, move, you know, everything I want to do with the JIRA ticket, I want to create a skill for that. And I treated CoderFlow like the JIRA expert in the room.

And it went out, pulled the documentation for the JIRA API and it built all the scripts and it built all of the prompting necessary that I didn't have to worry about that. It came back and says, I've built the skill you'll need to create these secrets. I need to know your API key. I need to know the endpoint of the JIRA server And I need to know who you are.

So when I create tickets, they go through as me and not some generic user. So I told it to build a JIRA EPIC and build the JIRA tickets and clearly explain the issue they found and the potential for a fix. Add labels, identify low risk, low hanging fruit, major breaking changes and anything else in between.

So just looking at one program, I came up with this epic. The work with customers, code quality and defect epic. And you can see if I open this gave me the background, the goal, told me what was in scope and the labels that it assigned. And then all of the tickets that it came up with. You can see here.

If I open up this ticket, we've got a breaking change, we've got a detailed program, never actually writes changes because I've got a mutually exclusive test here. You know, when I sort of created the bug, I put a bug in that says I can never update the customer master record because this test would never pass. So when original name is not the same as S name and original name is always the same as S name. So you know, it's like when one not equal one kind of thing.

So it explains the ticket and the proposed fix. Now what I can do fun is I can come back in here and go back home. I can open up that git branch because I did put into a git branch of bugs. Now I can go ahead and say open a JIRA ticket and I can pull directly in from Jira that ticker that it created and maybe I'll have Claude and Codex and Bob go ahead and fix that and we'll judge that one. We'll go ahead and put a Claude and a Gemini.

Let's put Gemini on the task. So what that means is when these three tasks finish, each of these three agents having a go at fixing this code, I've got two other agents kicking off to go and review the changes they made and determining which is the best one, who is the winner. So I'm going to go ahead and send that on its way.

And now I'm going to go ahead and fix that program. So the idea is, is that, you know, you create work and you're going to make it go on its way. And I do have an error.

Bob is not authorizing. You see the errors show up, got an authentication timeout. So I'm going to have to get on with support to update Bob's credentials.

But you can see Claude is still doing its thing and everything gets logged. I can see exactly what it's doing because everything is logged and you can see right now it's going through and doing its testing. Does that visualize? There you go. So you can see it's going through and doing its testing. So it's taking screenshots of everything it does and it shows me its results as part of the test plan.

I didn't ask it to do these particular tests, but it's doing it. So now we have a documentation, we have a fix going on and we got my technical debt all laid out as an EPIC and tickets underneath. I did have some a little bit more fun with this.

I said, I have a couple of spare hours this morning. Which two tickets in the EPIC should I tackle that wouldn't be so impactful. Give me your reasoning.

Why? And it came back and it says, well, 805 and 804 seem good, but you might want to pay attention to 799. That's the broken.

That's the one that's just completely broken the application. That one really needs to get fixed first. Right.

But again, you can treat it like the expert in the room and collaborate with it and have it guide you on the changes you should be making that morning, which are quick wins, things that you can push forward into production without too much impact or at least get one or two users to quickly test before you put into production without too much impact. We start doing database changes or changes that are going to require a lot of compiles throughout the system.

You want to be a little more careful with that.

But when it's just a little bit of a one line or two line code change, then it's not too impactful. Those are the sort of quick wins you can go through your technical debt questions.

[36:13] Ray Henson: So basically you're giving it an application or one of those an RPG le, a file to look at and you're choosing which different AI agents you want to analyze that it's going through, picking out potential problems with it, creating JIRA tickets or help desk tickets if you will, and then using JIRA to also the project management portion of that to line that out, document everything and present the fixes for those things for you to then either allow the agent to develop itself and then you approve and let different agents, or at least different models decide the best way to fix that.

[36:57] Gary Jones: Yeah, obviously you don't have to go through the JIRA path.

You know, if you know there's a fix needs to be done, then define the fix. For example, let's go with this one here, adding a column to a sub file so I have the head of customer service comes over and says, hey, can you, can you fix something for me?

I need, I need a new column added to this sub file. Can you do that for me? Be really useful for the team if we have that on the first page in the sub file. So all I've done is I've said, hello. Okay, that's really not an instruction that the AI can do much with, but it starts the task and it builds that container and it brings all the source into the container. So now I've got, essentially my work laptop has just been built for me to do work.

Okay, so we can go in here and say, you know what? Add column to sub file. Okay, that's our task.

I'm going to go into my testing mode and we'll go in there and we'll log on, we'll take a look at it. And we go, okay, we're looking at the sub file. The customer service rep stood over my shoulder, says, yeah, can we get this, the status column added here? And we go, yeah, sure.

I'm going to open up the AI in the corner here and I'm going to just type that information in. Add the single character customer status to this sub file. New column should follow the customer number. Move the remaining fields to the right to allow room for the new status column. Change only the 5250 version of this program, because we have a few different versions going on here.

And that's it. So it has context of what I'm looking at, and you can see here that, you know, include the page URL, send the selected elements, send the screen buffer. So immediately it has context of what I'm looking at.

And it's on its way. Now, I have to come out of here because it's going to do display file change and of course I'm locking it, but if I come back to the menu and we'll let that run. So that's just, you know, these ad hoc requests that are going to come through to you that somebody wants something done quick. Well, that's great. You know, I can at least launch it and get it on its way while I go back to what I was doing, you know, 30 minutes ago.

I'll come back to this in an hour and see what it produced. Yeah, interesting. And we'll see how, how we're getting on with some of these others. These are still running again, Bob failed on both of them, as expected. These are still running.

We'll bring this one in. Adding a column to sub file. And I Want to talk a little bit about this last one? So you're already using genie.

The next step in your GENIE journey would have been Profound ui. And Profound UI Designer lets you click and drag and put JavaScript elements on onto what is now essentially a web page over the top of your RPG program. Well, CoderFlow allowed us to do what we're now calling Agentic display files, which says, you know what, let's use embedded JavaScript and embedded CSS and let the power of the browser do what we want it to do.

We're still going to use the Profound UI handler, we're still going to pass that 5250 buffer to the handler, and the handler's going to present the web page, but we're going to simplify any changes we make to the display file and say instead of changing the display file, just Pull in this JavaScript file, pull in the CSS file, and instead of coding dragging things on a page, I'm going to code using natural language. So this is the one I did.

And if we look at the prompt for that clone and then convert the Work with customers Option 1 to a profound UI EJS rich display file, add a new Option 11 to the right of the menu to call this new version of the program and only change the 5250 version again, leave the other versions alone. The new option which you're going to add to the menu should be tailored for the JH Fletcher demo.

Go to their website for logos, colors, styles, et cetera. Now, of course, you're going to have documentation or standards to further define how you want your EJS to look.

And you're going to use wireframing and things like that. But, you know, we kind of like gave it sort of carte blanche here. And if I launch the testing there, again, everything's still in the container. There's my option one.

So this is what it looks like. You know, I have a list of customers. I can put a five in here and see the detail, hit F3 and go back, right? But in 20 minutes of it just doing something, an EGS conversion, I end up with something that looks like this. So now I have a true web page being rendered in the HTML5 browser with that same RPG under the covers.

The RPG hasn't changed. I have changed the display file to send it to the handler and import all of this new embedded JavaScript and embedded style sheet to give me this look and feel. So you can see it pulled your logo off your website. There's some pattern work off Your website as well, that it took. But the fun part is, you know, if we drill into it, we now have a page that looks interesting to the users.

Right? I could even say, you know what, put a pill or a brick at the top that summarizes this customer using AI so I can read the summary without having to read all the detail on the page. I did actually ask it a question later on.

What six things could we change to make this UX pop? And again, you can see it was passing the screen that I was looking at. It has context. And it came back, it said KPI strip under the customer badge. Visualize the Money Equipment Fleet card. You know, maybe we can get to a table to see what the customer has on their fleet from us and what the service dates are. Add watermarks or actionable toolbar on hover.

So a telephone icon for calling or an email icon for sending them an email. So again, I'm using it like the expert in the room. Not. I'm not just doing the work, I'm asking the questions, well, what else can we do? You know, so maybe we say, you know, do option one. Your option one seems fun.

Go ahead and do that. Also add a brick at the top of the page to give the user an AI summary of the customer as a quick read. That's it. So now it's off doing that work for us.

[44:31] Ray Henson: Sorry, real quick question.

Coder flow. You said it's running on a Linux server internally, local, a VM or a physical box.

[44:42] Gary Jones: We have it on a physical box next to our ibmi. So latency is kept to a minimum. Yeah, you could run it on the IBMi if it's a Linux partition.

Okay, you can. We're setting up cloud instances as well so that customers that don't want to manage the server, they can use a cloud instance from us and get started that way.

[45:03] Ray Henson: Managed and maintained by profound logic or just something in aws.

[45:07] Gary Jones: Or you can.

It's going to be in AWS but maintained by us.

[45:12] Ray Henson: Okay, that's fine.

[45:14] Gary Jones: But again, whatever you want to do, we want to get you going as quickly as possible with. With possibly a technology you've not experienced yet.

So if we get you started and you start to play with it and you start to learn it and you start. Even, even if you upgrade it yourself, you know, because you can come in here and just take, I think server settings, there's a option to upgrade updates so you can get the updates directly from. From the NPM repositories. If you want to restart the Server that way.

So once you start to use it, you know, can you move it to your own partition, your own vm? Absolutely. So it's, it's whatever you choose to do, it has to be Linux. It can be Windows.

But Linux is the best because it's the lightweight. But it's the docker part, you know, that's why it can't run natively on the IBMI is because of that docker piece.

[46:11] Ray Henson: Okay.

[46:12] Gary Jones: All right, thank you. Add com to sub file finish.

Remember that customer service rep came in. We can come in here and we can see the changed files. So in split view here, I can see the git diff of the changes it made to the display file. I can come and see the changes it made to the rpg. You see, just added the status column to the sub file build. You can have VS code launch from here.

You can have a version of VS code on the server itself and see that exact same thing in VS code if you want. Or again, if you want VS code on your own laptop. You can see it there, but you can see the diff side by side in versus code if you wanted to.

But the great thing is, is that, you know, I can come in here, it's still in the container. It hasn't gone anywhere yet. But I come in here and I can run option one and I can see the status column is now there. Right.

So I'm able to test it. I can come in here and put a five. Yeah, I see it's suspended.

That's the right code. That should be active. Yeah, which it is. And you can see very quickly that it's testing out. It's exactly what I expected.

The code looks good, the test looks good. Therefore I can say, yes, I'll sign that back off. And I can come in here and do the approve button. And again, this is where we help you even with the deployment process. You know, people aren't used to using git yet. We still want to see source members in source physical files.

Well, if we just give you a button to press and all that's predefined, then everybody's working the same way. But I have that option here to sync it back to the IBM I. So if I wanted to put it in my library, In my library and I just want to put the display file in there and we'll create a new branch.

Yep, it's going to create a new branch and I commit that that's not only going to push it to the repo and deploy those objects, it's also going to push the source physical var back for me.

[48:33] James Newman: I'm assuming these can be scheduled for.

Later, like so it doesn't interfere with.

[48:37] Gary Jones: People currently on at certain times. Can you ask that again? Your microphone's ever so accurate.

[48:43] James Newman: I'm sorry, I'm assuming this can be scheduled for like later implementation so it.

[48:47] Gary Jones: Doesn't interfere with the workflow during the day. Yes, I think it could be. We could set up automation for that.

That's a good question. Is there a reason why you would push it later in the day going to your QA environment?

[49:06] Mike Odom: Not to the QA but to production?

[49:08] Gary Jones: Yes, I think, yeah. I mean that's your downstream deployment process though.

So it's probably one step beyond this. Right, we'll help you set that up. But absolutely, yes, it could be scheduled and probably, you know, absolutely should be because you want users out of the system if you're doing display file changes.

[49:27] Mike Odom: Yep.

[49:28] Gary Jones: Yeah, yeah.

But this one here is probably going to be QA environment, so this one probably be, you know, day off, but you could push it to the deployment branch and then, then hold it in the CICD process until 2am in the morning when you know, everybody's off the system or you've done an IPL or you just finished the backup or something like that and you could have that CICD process just, you know, sort of pinging, making sure the backup's finished and only when that job's finished does it move forward. So there's a lot of different ways you could tackle that.

Absolutely. What else is finished?

This is finished. So again, you know, we added AI insight brick. We asked for that.

So how does the UI look now? Something against option 11. We'll select our customer and now we've got this AI insight very, very quickly. I can read exactly what this customer's about before I get into the detail down here. Apparently I can ask a follow up.

So that's going to leave site somewhere. I don't know what that one does yet, but again, these are standards you will set once you started to build your first few screens. The great thing is that you also have memory in the environment. So if there's anything interesting that's going to help it next time it will write to its own memory and you can also have a retrospective with the task and say, hey, what went wrong? What went right?

And what can we build in terms of skills or documentation that will help you next time? Again, treat it like the engineer in the room and then as you go forward with that environment is going to get stronger and tighter as you go. There we go. And there's the.

The fleet in service list that it's built. That could be coming from a table. You see exactly what they have on the fleet.

[51:45] Ray Henson: Is it.

Did it just pull that from our website?

[51:48] Gary Jones: It did not. I don't think probably the models was. Yeah. Serial numbers it made up, models it might have pulled from the website.

But this is mocked up. This is stub data. So part of the ask was just to build a stub array for testing purposes rather than going to. As a true table.

Yeah, but again it gives you. It gives you ambition to try things. And if you don't like it, you can either revert, say, I don't like that. Let's roll back.

Because it's keeping logs as it goes. It knows exactly what, at what point is making those changes. Or you can just go ahead and delete it, you know, so I can come back in here and go to the very top and go delete task. And if I do that, the container is cleaned up, the libraries are cleaned up. It's like it never happened.

It's still in the logs. So we know that somebody tried something, but in terms of artifacts being left around, no way. They're all gone.

[52:59] Ray Henson: Very cool.

[53:00] Gary Jones: Yeah, I think we should have documentation by now. There we go. So Bob failed, but we did get documentation from Claude. So we have it in the task output documentation.

I like to do it in Visual Studio code. So I'm going to go to task output and show you the files it created. So here's our documentation folder and there's the technical documentation. It likes markdown, but we can view markdown as formatted document if we want. So here's the technical documentation as defined in that skill.

So the skill tells it exactly the things that we want to see. So what are the dependencies? Where's the source? Where's the display file? Any copy members?

And you see the task library that it built. But we could remove that from the skill if we wanted to. The HSPEC talks about the hspec. There's the FSPEC for the display file.

Dependent service programs and procedures being called. That's you declare prototypes, internal procedures and subroutines. There's our dependency tree.

So it's going through all of the source to see. Okay, well it's calling that. So therefore I've got to look at that. That's also calling that I've got to keep going down into the child items. It's using Mermaid for the diagramming.

So you can see what the dependency tree looks like as a diagram. And then you've got the object dependency list. And we should get program flow somewhere. Display file layout.

It's kind of mocking that up. From the DDS indicators, there's the program flow. So that's your happy path flow through the program. And so this is the sort of thing. And again you build the rules on how your documentation should look.

But there's an error handling section. This could be pushed automatically to a wiki or to a site, a content management site. So every change you make that gets either created or updated.

So you're not maintaining that documentation as you go. I like the user guide because this talks to a user. Treat it like somebody that's being onboarded.

How to access the system. So go to the demo menu, type option 1. There's the screen layout, how to perform common tasks, you know, so looking up customers, searching by name, email and phone error messages that you might get as your FAQs, you know, so it's kind of like looking at the code and sort of stating, you know, what are sort of things that might come up.

And it's going to build that documentation again. You build the standard, that documentation is going to look the same way every time. Johnny, over to you.

[55:44] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, just. Sorry to interrupt, Gary, I know we've got about five minutes left. I want to make sure if everyone's okay to stay on a little longer or if we need to schedule a follow up meeting, whatever.

[55:59] Ray Henson: Okay.

[56:00] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, yeah.

[56:03] Ray Henson: Julia, you guys okay?

[56:07] Julia Fletcher: Yes, I will be moving and shooting but I definitely want to stay on and listen.

[56:11] John Fitisemanu: Oh, wonderful, wonderful.

[56:13] Julia Fletcher: Okay, not actually shooting, but I have to move to another location and I will just, I'm on my phone, so it'll be fine.

[56:19] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, okay, perfect.

Carry on. Gary, you're good.

[56:22] Gary Jones: So that, Yeah, I mean we were looking at the PDF that it created as well. So I asked for markdown, I said, hey, give it me as a PDF as well. And you see it went out and it pulled the screenshots to put into the PDF document for us.

So again, it's pretty comprehensive documentation for the user community and not just for you, the technical community. And I'm sure they would love that, especially if they're onboarding new staff. They have at least that documentation in front of them that they can read and get to start to understand the system. And again, you're not going to maintain this. You're going to set it up so that when you commit part of the commitment automation is to launch a task to maintain this. Right.

So you can never forget. So, yeah, so there's, there's the documentation task. This was to, oh, 799, remember we, we had that ticket to fix that impossible update.

So here's the interesting thing. We have the judges. So the three tasks went on their way. Bob failed because we have an authentication to the, to the model. But Claud and Codex finished. And then we had Gemini judging and Claude judging. Right.

And they both think Codex did the best job. And we can go in that. We can say, well, why, why do you think Codex did the best job for this one? And you know, Claude was partial on completeness.

So both variants successfully addressed the core issue. It was completely removed in both Codex and Claude, allowing the update to happen. Both variants correctly identified a companion bug. Fix that and then you do credit limit.

So maybe the Codex did too much. Yeah, Codex actually did more than we asked it to. So it went and fixed a couple of other bugs for us.

Right. But it's also giving us feedback. So no major improvements.

Right. But it's telling, hey, Claude, fix the credit limit mapping and the save changes subroutine. So we may not want to do that because we broke them down as single steps and we may want to put that into our tickets. Say, hey, update all the tickets to fix only the change required in the description above, something like that. So we can go back and we can fix all our tickets if that's the case. So we can see the judges chose a winner.

We can take a look at Codex. We can go ahead and look at the change files and you can see the code changes that it made. You can scroll down and see it took out the load customer routine for some reason. But there's that credit limit fix that it put in place and there's the test that it took out. This is just do the update.

We, we just need to do it so you can review the code. You can review in VS code if you want to and you say, yes, I like that. Or maybe, you know, I want to go back and I think and go back and look at the Claude variant, look at its change filter.

It did the same thing there, took out the load customer routine and again just took out that one thing. So that to me, Claude did the right thing. Codex went above and beyond and it found other issues to fix.

[1:00:07] Ray Henson: Can you compare the two side by side what Codex did versus Claude there as well versus just comparing it to the original.

[1:00:19] Gary Jones: You used to be able to.

It used to be in here, but they changed it where you don't see it here anymore. Let me come back to you on that one. They changed the product. The problem is CoderFlow is being maintained by CoderFlow and change is really fast and they keep moving stuff on me.

So the answer is yes, you can. I just can't remember where they put it now.

[1:01:02] Ray Henson: That's okay.

Yeah, if you get back, I'd just be interested.

[1:01:06] Gary Jones: Yeah, but you used to be able to see them side by side and see the actual lines of code that were being. Being changed and some.

Nobody's asked me that question in a while. So I need to go back and re educate myself. Look at unified changes and split changes and you can actually put comments in here as well and call people out so you can add other team members.

So Brian, maybe take a look at this. And add a comment. So just like in Jira, you can add comments in the task as well and collaborate amongst team members, which is kind of nice. What else has finished? It's always fun to demo something that takes 20 minutes to run.

[1:02:06] Ray Henson: This is very interesting.

I think we come from a. And correct me if I'm wrong, but Odom and James, I think we come from a very. Changes in development work are a lot more unstructured here just because we've had so few, you know, developers working on it and at the time.

So I see the value and I like this and I see how this can apply to a much larger group of, you know, of developers. But I mean this, these types of things would be great to have available to, to our guys.

[1:02:44] Gary Jones: Well, you can as well, like I say, you can put your standards into the environment. So each environment, we've got a couple of environments on this server.

You can go in and maintain these environments and you can add whatever skills you like. So this environment has all of these skills, but I can create skills and I can maintain them manually here or better still use the skill maker skill. So you don't have to understand how to do this, you know. But I have a skill to send an email.

I could have a skill called Fletcher's Coding Standards. Right. And you can have it. Look at perhaps your six best programs on the system. I love these programs.

These are the ones I always copy when I start something and say, look at these six programs and build me a set of standards so that every program I change going forward or every program I write going forward adheres to the same architecture and structure. And it will be things like I like, you know, two character indents on all my if blocks or something like that it will go to that level and this becomes a linter that it will apply when it makes sure that the code it writes adheres to those standards.

You know, how much documentation, how much comments, how many comments do you want in there right now? Comments is an old school thing.

Do you need comments anymore? If you've got something like this that's going to tell you what it does anyway, you know, you get to choose that, you know, perhaps you want to keep your code cleaner, right? So you can say how much or how little comments you want. Do you want subroutines to be, you know, internal or do you want them as external sub procedures?

And that could be a thing going forward as well. So you're going to create that skill that gets re injected and make sure that all your code is lint tested to be of a certain standard before you approve it going forward. Yeah. Any other questions? I love playing with EJS embedded JavaScript, taking something that is just your core RPG under the covers and you've got this beautiful web page now and just coming up with these crazy ideas of what to add to the ui.

So you can add Google Maps to the address if you wanted to. So you've got a dynamic Google Maps brick on the page if that makes sense to the user. But it's giving the users those things that aren't on the page today that they have to open up a second screen for, you know, those, those are quick wins in my book, you know, and make the users experience so much better because the data's in front of them.

They don't have to go to the customer master record to get a phone number, you know, to make a call. Well, let's get the phone number on there.

And better still, if you've got voiceover IP or an application on their laptop rather than a physical phone, then give them a button to make the call, you know, so they're not even typing numbers into the system anymore. And again you, you give it the documentation of the VoiceOver IP system and it will give the CoderFlow, the URL to put behind that button to launch that application.

Once you've linked that application to that URL, that phone number is going to be, you know, pasted into the application and the call's going to be made. So, you know, the fact that they're not typing 10 numbers into a screen anymore, it sounds like a small saving, but the users are going to love you for that.

One click and they're in and all that information is in front of them on the screen when that person picks up on the other end.

[1:06:39] Julia Fletcher: So I wasn't in the kind of the kickoff call Ray had or the reconnection call Ray had with you all last week. And I think you know, from the business side, my questions, this is great and I actually do understand it and I appreciate it deeply.

I like it a lot. My questions are a lot around processes and I guess preventing user error to some degree. That's. User error is not the exact term that I want to use here, but I'm not sure what else. So for example, engineers will create new parts numbers because there's so many different ways that the same thing has been named over time and it's too onerous for them to look it up or whatever the case may be.

I mean, how do we. Are there ways to address those kinds of things? How does that sort of stuff get solved for I guess or Ray. Have you all already talked about that? Have you talked about routing of inventory or from, you know, as things are received, how that kind of built in and how it doesn't work today or does work today and sort of the things we're worried about breaking in addition to the things that we need to shore up?

I guess I'm looking more at the business process side of this because what an ERP like INFOR gives you is a built in process map for best business process in the background that users have to adhere to.

[1:08:05] Ray Henson: Right.

[1:08:06] Julia Fletcher: And some of our process problems are simply the people circumvent the system because they can. So how do we deploy a system like this to gain those sorts of advantages?

I guess.

[1:08:20] Gary Jones: Well, so first of all you've got a data cleanup exercise, you know, so because you can, you know, I just started a task here, you know, go look at the customer master record and, and tell me what the customer status values are. Right.

I could then say, you know, what users are putting in invalid data in this field, what programs can I change that would reduce those errors? So again, treat it like the expert in the room that has all the information and collaborate with it. So you can see here, you know, it's, it's already worked out the C states one character field with the values AI and S. Let me pull some examples for you. Okay. So it will do anything that you want it to do. It'll go read data.

It will, you know, if you wanted to have a report built pulling data from the thing and then have that automated every 8 o' clock every morning and send us a PDF to the customer service manager, then you can do that and it'll do that for you. But I think, you know, having that journey with it to say, okay, asking that very question you just asked, you know, my engineering team are duplicating part numbers. What can I put in place that's going to reduce those errors?

So maybe, you know, there, there's some type aheads in that application get put in. So they start typing something and it comes up with suggestions of data that's already on the system, but it still lets them put a new one in. But at least it's reminding them, hey, there's already three there.

You sure you want to continue to do this? And I'm sure they don't want to do it because there's an effort in creating new product. If it's already on the system, it's going to highlight that.

But also cleaning the data up. Okay, well I've got six of the one item out there. What does it mean to clean that up? And then going through all the data and all the foreign keys between tables to say, you know what if I change or if I delete that record, I'm going to have to go and change these transactional records to point to the correct item. So it's going to do that plan for you first and then you're going to execute that plan.

So it lets you tread step by step without just going and blowing these items away and realizing that now all of a sudden your transactional records have been orphaned because the master data has been cleared.

[1:10:40] Ray Henson: I could see over time, you know, being able to fix some of those processes, Julia, that, you know, just have been baked into the, the system that we have, you know, throughout the years. But man, it would take, you know, those would take a lot of time.

[1:10:59] John Fitisemanu: Gary, can I ask a quick question?

Oh, sorry, go ahead, Ray.

[1:11:02] Ray Henson: Sorry, go ahead. Sorry, go ahead, John.

[1:11:05] John Fitisemanu: So it sounds like if I'm hearing the question correctly from Julia, it's more of a, sounds like a behavioral pattern that we need to address. So if engineers are used to circumventing the current process for whatever reason, are there guardrails that we can put into place or something to impact or affect that behavior so that they're not trying to circumvent that?

[1:11:35] Julia Fletcher: I think that that's part of it.

Yeah, for sure. And I think there's also, I'm looking maybe to some degree for in addition to that, some automation. You know, when this step is completed, you know, in sales, it automatically goes to, let's say it's a purchase order, right?

Sales complete the Purchase order and it goes automatically to engineering and for review and generates a bom.

[1:11:58] Gary Jones: So yes, you could do that as well. So this is automations here, where you can create web hooks. So you can create a URL endpoint that triggers a task. So when you have that new record get into the table, you will call the webhook which then launches a task and that task defines the next step, which may be as a user, start a virtual session, log in and create that purchase order for me.

Right. I don't want to create the API just yet. Right. Because I'm only getting 12 of these a day, let's say, you know, so the load's pretty low, but have it be a user, start a virtual session and with the data from the web hook, go and do the typing for me.

[1:12:42] John Fitisemanu: Right?

[1:12:44] Gary Jones: Yeah. When you're done typing it, you know, send an email to the head of purchasing to say, new, the new purchase order's been created, they need to approve it or something like that. Absolutely, you can do that though.

[1:12:57] John Fitisemanu: So the automation then becomes the way, the mechanism to remove that decision from the engineer. They don't have to worry about that because it's automated.

[1:13:08] Ray Henson: Yeah. And with the web hook, you could potentially. We could potentially tie that or create that linkage between the 400 and team center.

You know, if something happens in Team center, maybe that triggers an automation. I can't. I can see the possibility there.

[1:13:29] Gary Jones: I like webhooks because they're kind of dormant until you need them.

Or you could have an automation that runs every hour and say, go check for POS created in the last hour and, and you know, then kick off a task for, for the next step, you know, so you could do it that way. So you could have polling automation or better still a web hook that sits there doing nothing until you actually need it.

But a lot of different ways of doing that. And again, you know, build these little environments that do a specific task, you know, don't put it in your IBM, my development, that's for you as a developer.

Build another environment which is your automation or your purchasing automation environment that just has these automations, these webhooks and these skills necessary to complete those steps. Go ahead, Johnny.

[1:14:12] John Fitisemanu: Julia, did you have more that you wanted to add in there?

[1:14:18] Julia Fletcher: Sorry, can you still hear me? Yeah.

[1:14:20] John Fitisemanu: Yes.

[1:14:21] Julia Fletcher: I mean, I just, I have a whole host of questions. Ray knew I probably would.

Let me, let me meditate. It may be better for me to write things down and then pass it through the team.

[1:14:38] John Fitisemanu: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.

[1:14:40] Ray Henson: And to your Question earlier, Julia. I don't know that we got into our, some of those process breakdowns as much as we were just talking about more data related issues from.

[1:14:52] Julia Fletcher: Yeah.

[1:14:53] Ray Henson: From our perspective, you know, and we.

[1:14:55] Julia Fletcher: Do, I mean we do have data related issues. There is, there is data we're afraid to lose and then there's data that may or may not be useful. Right.

Like there's a whole host of problems there. But I feel like, at least from the executive standpoint, we have to rely a lot on you and Mike to get to bring some of the pieces together, you know, from the system. So this is attractive to me for that reason. But then I also do worry about, you know, the way engineering and sales and parts all interact or service.

[1:15:32] Ray Henson: Right.

[1:15:33] Julia Fletcher: As it is.

[1:15:33] Ray Henson: Right. Like with an off the shelf product like Infor, you know, as an erp, all of those things are already, you know, those are new processes are going to be a lot of, would be a lot of new processes for us to follow and those things would already be taken care of as opposed to us using a tool like this to go through and build that out ourselves. So, you know, it's, but yeah, it's balance there.

It's.

[1:15:58] Julia Fletcher: Yeah, it's column A and column B. Because this way you can also, you know, rack and stack priorities and, and run through what's most important.

[1:16:06] Ray Henson: Yeah.

[1:16:08] Julia Fletcher: With more control over it. So I don't know.

[1:16:10] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, yeah, no, I, I see, I see the. And we've heard this point before with off the shelf.

It off the shelf means it's standardizing a lot of the processes. Right. So that's a huge benefit. I think there's definitely value there. And we, we're not here to like if, for example, if you were to use coder flow, that doesn't mean that you couldn't use Infor or whatever else else off the shelf that you might want.

You know, this is not a one size fits all type of solution. CoderFlow can complement any package that you use. What I would say is that if you have custom processes that aren't able to fit into an off the shelf like in four, those can be addressed through code or flow, for example. As you think about the path ahead, there's a lot of flexibility there to address standardization, but also to customize something that might be unique to J.H.

Fletcher that might not be an Infor or whatever off the shelf package that you use.

[1:17:23] Julia Fletcher: Yeah. You mentioned at the beginning when you were running the models, Codex, coins and spending. Can you talk to me about average spends for customers of our size.

[1:17:35] Ray Henson: Yeah, good question.

[1:17:39] Gary Jones: We ourselves and most of our customers are favoring Claude and we use the subscription model. So we're paying what, 200amonth per developer? Okay. Occasionally we'll blow limits and it'll say, you know what, you've reached a limit, come back in an hour and a half and carry on.

Which is fine. You know, you just come back later on the day and say continue. And it picks it up where it left off. You know, context remains, it knows where it stopped, it knows where to carry on.

So if you ever do hit that, that's not a problem.

[1:18:16] Ray Henson: So each instance of Claude here, if I'm signed into coder flow, it's tied to my own account with Claude.

[1:18:25] Gary Jones: Yeah, for that one I have that as my personal.

[1:18:31] Ray Henson: Ah, okay.

[1:18:32] Gary Jones: My personal API key gets put in there.

All the others were using a server level key. But, but this is what we're favoring. Yeah, we show them all because every, every, you know, customer has different needs. Everybody's excited about Bob right now, but Bob coins are expensive. And you know, frankly we're seeing just the same results, if not better with Claude.

Anyway, you know, X is there Grok, AI, Codex and Gemini. Gemini is great for ux. Google does really great on, on, on web pages and web application and things like that.

I use it personally for personal projects and my whole house is Gemini based here, so I like it for that sort of stuff. But in the IBMi world, we're seeing the best results here.

[1:19:27] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, so this is where it becomes very strategic.

Right. So you, if you're worried about limits, and we've had these strategic discussions with other clients as well, you can either assign podor flow to do certain tasks. Right.

That way you can minimize the amount of your spending on each LLM you can assign by user. Maybe your junior developers use certain, use coder flow for certain tasks. Maybe other business users use it for different tasks.

That way you're optimizing the spend. So there, there, there's definitely different ways to use code flow where you're maximizing the spend on each project that you do.

[1:20:13] Gary Jones: There's also, we're not locking you into any particular AI or any model either. So if you build an environment for automation where it really doesn't have to think too hard, then why not use a cheaper model which you're not going to burn your coins up so quick. You're quite at liberty to do that.

Each one has a. What? Can I show you that? Can I add a new one?

Add? No, it's not that, but you can set how hard it's going to work as well.

[1:20:54] Ray Henson: Okay.

[1:20:56] Gary Jones: I think you see it when I, when I start a new task. You can see here the Claude model effort.

[1:21:02] Julia Fletcher: So you can choose which model faster, standard or whatever. Definitely burns more coins.

[1:21:07] Gary Jones: Yeah, exactly.

So there's the effort. So again, if it's sort of, sort of day to day work, just put it on a lower level. You control that, you know, you get to set all these up yourself and get to choose what, what you want.

But it's inheriting from the server level here. But I can go, you know, I can run Fable 5 if I wanted to and probably run out of credit in the next five minutes.

[1:21:34] Ray Henson: Can you speak to.

So what, what is involved in implementing Coder Flow? And there are a couple questions I had then. And I know we're, we're pushing time here, but I think they're important for some of our executives to hear too about just what we expect cost wise with, you know, with profound logic.

And the other thing I want to ask about too was the staff augmentation piece. I don't know if you were going to cover that today or not as. One of the services you offer.

[1:22:11] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, yeah. So we'll definitely need more time to go over, okay, pricing, so we'll follow up and schedule a call for that. But I will say that coder flow, if that is the route you want to go. Coder flow has a subscription based model, and so it's 3,000amonth. It includes two developer seats. If you need more developer seats, it's $750 per developer per month.

What we've seen from other customers is they start with that $3,000 a month, they build out the ROI, they identify a use case, they build that business case. Just like you saw earlier when Gary was talking about the client who went from nine months to one month. What we did with them and what we're doing with a lot of people is you start with the starter engagement. So setup itself might take about two weeks, depending on what your system looks like today. And Gary can touch on that some more.

There's training and onboarding that could take another two weeks. And then we really dive into a collaborative poc, if you will, where we identify a use case together and then we work with you to ensure success, but also to provide that knowledge transfer. That starter engagement or that POC is a paid engagement as well. That's custom, depending on the client.

So it varies. But we can certainly open up a discussion about what that might look like. And if you have use cases that we can leverage for that poc. I don't care if you want to talk about setup a little bit more, how easy it is.

[1:23:52] Gary Jones: Yeah, I mean, we're working hard to make it as turnkey as we can. The work, the effort is in getting your legacy processes into, you know, a git repo. And then once you've changed the, the code, what then? So it's the cicd process when you hit that blue button. So there's work that needs to be done there.

A lot of the customers picking it up still want to work the legacy way. So it's making sure that process not only writes back to the repo, but also writes back to the source members automatically rather than having to, you know, keep pressing buttons and make and you know, if they forget, everything goes out of sync. Some don't want to use Git as a source of truth. So when they pull it from the source member, we have to refresh the git side of it before then gets pulled into the docker container.

So there's understanding that and getting that sort of set up for the way you want it. So that's why it can't be completely turnkey. We can certainly run an installation and you have a server with a heartbeat. But then what we have to build your first environments.

What you are, does that first project look like? What are the skills that you're going to need? And you're going to build that with us so you can see that process. So the next environment you copy, you clone, or you build from scratch kind of makes sense because there's so many elements to it. So that's why, you know, Johnny talks about a couple of weeks, you know, getting your first project.

You know, training is one thing, but really it's using it as the training. So identifying your first project and using that to train you to use it and to start thinking about agentic coding process. And because we still have this idea of being an RPG developer that we cut code, we compile it, away we go. And it's not that anymore.

It's like, don't try to bore the ocean with this. Break it down into manageable chunks, do something, test it, push it, re pull it, do something else, you know, so it's kind of like going through your first project with you and, and getting that mind shift and that change in the, in the way you do things and the change in thinking because you're going to be pushing a lot and you're going to be pushing it fast, but it's going to be a lot of little things. Yeah, right.

And yes, you know, your user community is going to either love you or hate you for that. But you know, they're. They're going to. But they are going to see the things that they've asked for come through more quickly. So I think they. You know, they'll love you for it.

[1:26:41] John Fitisemanu: Chuck, you had a question? That's just the way I look. Oh, okay.

[1:26:49] Chuck Brown: Sorry.

I don't.

[1:26:50] John Fitisemanu: Questions, but they'll probably go through Mike and Ray, so. Okay.

[1:26:53] Julia Fletcher: Yeah.

[1:26:54] John Fitisemanu: Okay.

[1:26:54] Julia Fletcher: I have to jump, but I. I really like this. It's the way I used to work in other spaces.

But I'll follow up with the team. So thank you all for your time today. I do have to jump.

[1:27:05] John Fitisemanu: Yeah. Thank you, Julie.

[1:27:06] Gary Jones: Appreciate it.

[1:27:08] John Fitisemanu: We'll send over the recording. Yeah. Okay.

[1:27:12] Chuck Brown: Okay. Appreciate you guys. It's good to meet you.

[1:27:16] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, yeah. We look forward to potentially expanding our partnership. So we'll follow up with some action items and we'll continue the conversation.

[1:27:25] Ray Henson: Could you. Could you send over a little bit of information outside of what's on the website about the Augment staff Augmentation?

[1:27:34] John Fitisemanu: Yeah, yeah, absolutely.

[1:27:36] Ray Henson: Just so we have that.

[1:27:39] John Fitisemanu: Okay. Yeah, Put something together.

[1:27:44] Ray Henson: All right, good.

[1:27:47] John Fitisemanu: Any urgency on your side? We.

I know you. We want to be respectful and support your timeline. So if there's things that you need as soon as possible, please let us know.

[1:28:00] Ray Henson: Yeah, I would just think since we're.

We've moved along this path pretty far, so we. We're at a point where we need to start making some decisions, so. Yeah.

Sooner rather than later. Would be nice to get some of this additional information if you could, please.

[1:28:19] John Fitisemanu: Okay, we'll do. We appreciate you guys. Time.

Thank you so much. Enjoy the rest of your day.

[1:28:24] Ray Henson: Thanks, you too.

[1:28:26] Gary Jones: Thanks, everybody. Bye.