[0:06] Jordan Antonoff: Julia, how are you? I'm good. How are you?

[0:11] Julia Fletcher: I am okay. Thank you again for taking the time today. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the two meetings we've had so far and maybe pull back the curtain a little bit and give you some inside baseball. Because as I said on the last call, I am not like the decider.

We're very, when it comes to this particular project, very consensus oriented. But I also want you to kind of understand the equities in the room going forward. Does that helpful make sense?

[0:42] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, absolutely.

[0:44] Julia Fletcher: All right, so I tell you, like the first call with your team or the first demo. So I think it was the second call after Ray reengaged with the team with John went phenomenally well. Like, amazing demo.

People were really excited. And then I'm not entirely sure why, but on the last call there was like this all of a sudden massive fear factor, like ramp up around it. So part of what I'm trying to do is, is roll, reel that back in, if that makes sense.

[1:18] Jordan Antonoff: Sure.

[1:19] Julia Fletcher: And you know, the place I'm coming from is very different from many other members of the team. Have a background, or at least just enough of a background in tech to be dangerous. Right.

Or to be obnoxious. I guess you can take your pick. And so I'm pretty. I'm actually the one who suggested we come back to you, like, full disclosure. I'm the one who said, hey, can we, can we time out on the rip out and replace ERP systems? Because the way I see it is kind of the way I see, for example, solid state battery technology. I'm not going to develop lithium ion battery technology on our machines right now and put them underground because that's going to be obsolete soon.

But I'm also not going to pull the trigger on solid state batteries when they're early stage because in 15 years they're going to really work. So I need to be prepared for that. But I shouldn't do it yet. I feel like on the ERP system we've actually hit a sweet spot where we've waited so long we're basically still using a carrier pigeon. And now we could go exponentially far if we don't tie ourselves to diesel. Right.

Just so that I'm mixing all my metaphors. Right.

[2:33] Jordan Antonoff: Makes sense.

[2:34] Julia Fletcher: Okay.

Sorry. My children are screaming. So if you hear that, I apologize.

[2:39] Jordan Antonoff: It's.

It's summertime. I have. I have three children, so I understand.

[2:43] Julia Fletcher: Okay.

Yeah. I'm home this afternoon. I have two boys and they're beating the crap out of each other probably.

[2:49] Jordan Antonoff: How old are they?

[2:50] Julia Fletcher: They are 8 and almost 11. So third grade, sixth grade.

[2:54] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, that's.

I can't hear them.

[2:58] Julia Fletcher: Okay. All right.

So I guess the, the, the challenge that I'm having is, is, is the getting people past fear on a couple of fronts. And so I just wanted to be open with you about that. So maybe your team can then backdoor direct that, directly address that in any subsequent meetings. And, and I also do have a couple of questions, so.

[3:29] Jordan Antonoff: Sure.

[3:30] Julia Fletcher: I think the, I think the easy button most people would probably agree to right now is doing, you know, a one year engagement with a pilot with some real defined like here, here are the things we want to happen. And I think I can sell that internally especially cleaning up technical debt, you know, streamlining some processes, visualizing our data, which is a major problem within the company.

And so then the question that I have to answer that everybody's going to ask is well, are we just kicking the can down the road if we do that? So I need to be able to demonstrate to them. No. That even if for reasons unbeknownst to me, either we don't continue or you don't continue.

Right, either one, you know, that we wouldn't be left with a system that's completely unworkable because we've had running over it. So that's one thing that I'm concerned about or that I'm going to have to answer. And the other thing I'm going to have to answer is the, is this just consulting disguised as a platform, you know, the Palantir model of operating, as it were.

Because I do believe that we need support, especially, especially early in any engagement, probably for the first year. But I want to know that there would be a plan to be able to upskill some of our folks side saddle with yours. We will probably always need, you know, some support because I'm just not going to staff that kind of talent. Right.

I can't get those kind of people to live in West Virginia. And most people are. Our company traditionally does not like remote work.

[5:17] Jordan Antonoff: Okay.

[5:18] Julia Fletcher: So it's, those two are the kind of big questions that I've got to answer. Right. What is the total cost of this when we start talking about kind of the consultation required and how do we upskill our people enough so that when we are using your team it's, you know, at the highest value moments.

Does that make sense?

[5:41] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, absolutely. What's interesting is so AJ, our CTO and I just spent two days last week in Cincinnati kicking off a project for a customer that's in a very similar situation to yours.

They're in a different industry, they're retail, but they've been running on AS/400 for 40 years. And they tried moving to an ERP, they spent 18 months and it didn't work.

So then they came back to us to see what we could do. So a lot of the questions you're asking we were just discussing recently with them and they're also in a situation where they, the way they explain it to us is, and we see this with a lot of customers, they want our help for the first 50%, get us out of the technical debt, get some real wins, get the system AI ready and get our team up to the point where they can take over this.

So we're not fully reliant on Profound from a staff perspective forever. And so that, that is really our preferred model.

[6:57] Julia Fletcher: Okay.

[6:58] Jordan Antonoff: Is to help customers get to that point where they can be self sufficient. Which is why we build software and we built this platform. We do have some customers that hire us in and we do full time staff aug but even in those situations they have people on their side that we collaborate with. We have very few customers where we do everything.

So that model works without a doubt. And what we're seeing right now with AI is that the skill set required to maintain these systems and continue to improve these systems moving forward is very different than what it was in the past. So one of the questions that the owner of this other company was asking was what kind of people do I need to hire moving forward?

Because they're in a situation where their IBM i people are very close to retirement.

[8:06] Julia Fletcher: Right? Same. Yeah.

[8:07] Jordan Antonoff: And they've had a really hard time finding RPG people, which everyone is right now. And that's one of the cool benefits that we're seeing AI, but not just AI having a platform like CoderFlow that helps you leverage AI offer is that now you can go out and find people that have a specific, a certain type of skill set. And what I would say that skill set is having some background in computer engineering is definitely important.

Even though you're not handwriting the code, you need to understand what AI is writing and you need to understand the development process from architecture to development to test and QA. You need to understand that. So you need to have this architecture mindset with a background in engineering and you also need to have, you need to understand the business, which is something that RPG programmers historically have. It's been a unique characteristic that they understand the business.

So people that there might be other people on the team that can't write code, but they understand the process and they know the business. And then the last piece is curiosity. We're seeing that curiosity and this kind of inquisitive nature to test things out is becoming really important with AI because of how you interact with AI and how AI works because it's like working with developers that you're assigning tasks to, of course without any of the personality issues that come up.

But curiosity is becoming a really important skill set and also people that like to learn on their own own time and like to experiment. So it's a different kind of group of skill sets that you need to look for. But you're not limited to that IBM i knowledge anymore. The one area where having some IBM i knowledge is still going to be important is for system administration.

Although that can be outsourced much more easily because there's companies that can host AS/400 and offer and we have partners that help with that. And that's much easier because you don't need to understand the business side of things for that.

[10:47] Julia Fletcher: Yeah, yeah.

I mean I think a lot of the fear at Fletcher right now is driven around Mike Odom's retirement because he is that programmer who knows the business and so when someone wants a report, frankly they have to go to Odom to get it. And so there's a big fear about him retiring or getting hit by a bus tomorrow, uh, and us no longer being able to access that information in the same way. And clearly this desire to like make a change before he's gone. He's also the most afraid of CoderFlow.

Right. Which is interesting to me because it to your point, aside from the fact that he is an engineer who's always done things a very specific way and as a man in his late 60s. Right.

Not. Not real open to change. Where James, who's our other programmer, our part time programmer is really excited about it. And then I have Ray who's really a sysadmin.

Right. Ray writes code a little bit. But that's not what Ray does.

Right. Is our system administrator and our head of it. He just runs the network mostly and keeps it secure. And you know, my highest value users on AI within the company. I hate just saying AI. It really bothers me. Sorry.

I like to be specific about what we're using. But if we're using any of the natural large, you know, LLMs like my users who get the most value are already probably the most experienced people at the company because they ask better questions.

[12:27] Jordan Antonoff: Yep.

[12:28] Julia Fletcher: Right. Then, you know, my, my senior vice president for sales is a better user than a sales associate for obvious reasons. And my head of HR is better than, you know, the, the young lady who does data entry for HR or whatever the case may be. I don't think that's shocking.

And I hear you that AI is kind of jagged. So part of it's just figuring out what it's good at and what it's not good at or what one model is good at vis a vis another model.

[13:00] Jordan Antonoff: At any rate, what is, what is Mike's fear about CoderFlow or hesitation?

[13:07] Julia Fletcher: He.

So to be clear, he and I haven't had. This is third party because Mike also would not come to me as the president of the company and say, I think that you have a terrible idea. But I think he is probably worried about wanting to retire and us not having a sustainable system in place behind him.

Right. And so I think it's, it's hard for, I think this level of technology is actually hard for Mike to hit the I believe button writ large.

[13:41] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah.

[13:44] Julia Fletcher: And you know, in for. He knows what that is. He can explain it. Right.

It is a, probably a pretty straightforward kind of situation. So I think that that's, that's largely it in terms of hesitation, but there's still, there's just still a little bit of suspicion around well, that was a really great demo about what's actually there. And, and to some degree, you know, you're never going to know it's not the way the models operate.

[14:21] Jordan Antonoff: So hopefully we. Did we put you in touch with any references yet?

[14:26] Julia Fletcher: No, that was actually a follow up item. You guys were going to put us in touch with some references.

So we're definitely looking forward to doing that.

[14:33] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah. Because I think Mike needs to speak with one of the programmers from a customer of ours, Schooler. Schooler has been running CoderFlow in production and they have a couple RPG developers who are using it and you. That's.

I mean their whole workflow has changed.

[15:02] Julia Fletcher: Yeah.

[15:02] Jordan Antonoff: And so he could speak with, he could speak with one of them. Her name is Lisa and I think that would be really helpful.

[15:09] Julia Fletcher: I think that would be great.

Yeah. I mean we've been through. I don't think, I think I referenced it on a call we had. We were victims of a huge hack last year.

We were part of an Akira attack and we are so, so, so lucky that we have the team that we did. I had a young IT guy who was at work at 6am and you know saw an alert and was like that's weird. And then went to look at it and got another alert. And he immediately, he told me, he was like, I sat there for a second and said if I'm wrong, I'm going to get fired.

And started pulling cables out of the wall and shut it down. But the recovery from that has been massive and it really exposed for us the lack of depth that we have on the management side. Not just the IT side, but frankly just on the management side to manage change within the IT systems.

And so where we've been having this conversation with the board about a capital budget for ERP replacement, I started to get very concerned that that would be money misspent given how thin we are because we have. Fletcher has 300, just under 300 employees, but more than 2/3 of them, more than 2/3 our production employees in the warehouse. So our SG&A is very thin and I, I just don't think that we could absorb it frankly.

And then there's also a lot of magical thinking around. Well, we have these process problems and if we put in Infor, people will have to follow the infor process and that'll fix it. And I said no. I worked in software, if you don't work into somebody's workflow, they just ignore it.

Like that's how that works.

[16:55] Jordan Antonoff: That's. That's one of the main issues that we've personally I've seen over the last almost 14 years at Profound with these failed ERP migrations is that assumption we'll adjust to the process and then a year or two into the migration they say okay, we can't really change our processes. So let's see if the ERP vendor will start customizing their software to our processes and that ensure they'll do it.

And that's where you then get on these 10 year. Yeah, yeah. What's also I might have mentioned this when we spoke last, but what's interesting right now is AI is really the best use case for AI.

Still is coding. AI has a lot of use cases but the coding use case is just incredibly powerful. So companies like yours that run on these custom systems have this advantage now that they didn't used to have. Yes.

Because one develop, one developer that makes the switch over to architect can really, after they get familiar with orchestrating agents, have that 9 10x plus output. So you can get out ahead of what the ERP vendors can produce and what, what we're seeing in the industry and what we expect to happen is that, well, the ERP vendors, a lot of them are going to be fine because they have huge install bases, but acquiring new customers, I think is going to become more and more difficult for them because the promise that they offered was we have everything built that you can't go and build.

Yeah, but you can now.

We can. And that's what we've. I mean, AI has changed everything for us too, over the last two years. The influx of customers that have been coming to us at this point of do we move to an ERP or do we stay? That's the number one conversation that we're having right now. Whereas prior it was customers trying to figure out how to move away from rpg.

So we had actually built this whole technology where we convert RPG into other languages.

[19:16] Julia Fletcher: Oh, I remember that was what was pitched to the board when we bought Genie.

[19:19] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, yeah.

Very, very few customers are interested in that anymore. We have some that are for very specific instances where they have to get off the platform. Because you need to get away from RPG then. But if you don't have to get off the platform.

[19:39] Julia Fletcher: Yeah, yeah, that's just.

My husband's gotta get in the other room. It's the working from home thing, you and me. My dog too. She's here.

[19:48] Jordan Antonoff: I work exclusively from home, so I know how it is.

[19:52] Julia Fletcher: Yeah.

Okay. So you were saying people want to get off the platform.

[19:59] Jordan Antonoff: If you want to get off the platform, you have to get away from rpg. But.

[20:03] Julia Fletcher: Right.

[20:04] Jordan Antonoff: In the last two years, we've seen a transition where customers are saying, you know what, let's stay on the platform and use AI to leverage this custom system we have.

[20:19] Julia Fletcher: Okay. Yeah.

Well, I mean, I personally think that that is the way we should go. The person who is. You've had a couple. You've had a group of us on the calls. You've not had two more people on the calls who would have to join down the road. And that is CEO and the head of sales and commercial.

So just quick background. CEO is really hard over on ERP replacement. And Infor, he's like gung ho.

Having said that, he is actually a Purdue grad in computer science, so he. I mean, it was the 80s, but has a workable understanding, so that's at least a starting point. And he will ultimately be more swayed by Mike and Ray than anything I could say. So I think that's. That's the only other hurdle I do think it will be.

The. The initial compromise will probably be, you know, one year. That. That's what I foresee kind of us landing on.

Because Due to the cyber attack and things that have happened. It's, it's very easy for me to make the argument that we don't want to go and slow down production when we're finally on our feet again and making on time deliveries and trying to do an ERP implementation would do that. It also, although we had insurance, you know, was expensive and probably cost us, it cost us a good deal of profit last year and so again, do we really want to capex half a million dollars just to do discovery?

I, I don't.

[22:09] Jordan Antonoff: That's how much Infor discovery is.

[22:12] Julia Fletcher: Well, not necessarily.

I think they want. So basically they'll come do discovery for you know, 50K. But what they really want is for us to sign up right now for a half million dollars paid in some kind of monthly installments over 12 months for phase one, which is really discovery. Right.

That's really when they're going to come in, in the first 12 months and map all of the, the functional requirements.

[22:36] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, see and that, that alone heard those numbers. The amount that we could get done for half a million dollars, you're talking mean the discovery is, you know, immediate. 50, 50, 60,000.

For an actual discovery where we're getting requirements, we usually do five, five or six weeks of discovery and then we're going into doing work and making changes to the system. So in the, yeah, you know, in the first couple of months you're seeing improvements. At the end of a year a lot can get done.

[23:11] Julia Fletcher: Yeah. And it's just, it's interesting because our company, although we are an engineering firm by trade, had never encountered anything other than waterfall planning before I came on board. So just getting the IT team still doesn't use, they don't use tickets like that was part of the demo. Was like oh, you can map this to JIRA to your ticketing system.

I was like I wish that we had Epics, sprints. I do and we, we do have some programming projects that are for clients that I've now hired a part time Scrum master to run. Because, because they were, they were languishing like we would just, we had these engineers working on them and they'd been working on them for years.

And I was like well what's the minimum viable product? And they're like I don't know. I was like well what did the customer want? What was the due date? What was the budget?

And they had none of those, they had none of that. So we have that now but we don't take that Kool Aid ourselves typically. So that's part of the learning curve too, is they have not ever worked in sprints.

[24:19] Jordan Antonoff: Okay.

[24:21] Julia Fletcher: So that's just a new way to think about work for the team.

[24:25] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah.

It's, you know, talking about AI encoder flow. And I understand why Mike kind of has the reaction. He does.

Because it's a huge change.

[24:36] Julia Fletcher: Yeah.

[24:37] Jordan Antonoff: And if you're at the end of your career and you're thinking about legacy, a huge change like this is frightening. So I totally understand it. What do you believe needs to get done to help get the CEO on board? And also as part.

Are you all in West Virginia?

[25:00] Julia Fletcher: Yeah, we're all in West Virginia.

[25:03] Jordan Antonoff: Okay. So it's, you know, we could potentially look at having AJ our CTO and myself come on site at some point if that would help.

[25:15] Julia Fletcher: Okay.

Yeah. I think step one is really if you can put Mike with Lisa, because if you can sell Mike the. The stance Rod is going to take, he will put more weight behind Mike than anybody else.

And Ray. Those are. Those are frankly the two.

[25:35] Jordan Antonoff: Ray's the head of sales.

[25:37] Julia Fletcher: Ray.

No, Ray's the cfo, but he oversees it. So that's just a more a weight and balance issue where when responsibilities were moved around and some people had done more and some people had less, it moved under Chuck. As the cfo, he does not have any tech background.

He is also going to defer to Ray and Mike. So at the end of the day, to a large degree, you're selling Ray and Mike. And.

Yeah, I think, I think that that's a big part of it. They've both been with the company decades and so they were very protective. And yeah, I think that step one is.

Yeah, put. Put Mike with Lisa and maybe Ray with Lisa too, and that'll go a long way. And then after that, let's look at.

At maybe you guys making a visit. And I think again, if we sketch out, because Ray and I have chatted, I think if we sketch out a one year engagement, that is probably the best door to open. And I think that we can open that pretty quickly if those calls go well.

[26:46] Jordan Antonoff: Okay.

Yeah. And then the.

[26:50] Julia Fletcher: Because the board of directors wants to know what the plan is. Like, we're meeting again in October and I think we need to tell them what the plan is then.

[27:02] Jordan Antonoff: Okay. So let the board know by beginning of October.

[27:07] Julia Fletcher: It would be the second Friday in October, like the 12th.

Does that sound correct? Something like that.

[27:20] Jordan Antonoff: All right, no problem.

[27:21] Julia Fletcher: Okay. At least that's what I'm shooting for.

[27:25] Jordan Antonoff: Okay.

Yeah, I'll. I'll Have John coordinate and get a meeting with Lisa. And also the application development manager from schooler, Brad.

Great speaking with. Because he was the principal in charge of implementing and getting the team on board.

[27:53] Julia Fletcher: Okay. I also may. I may ask you, even though it's quite a few people, to put more people from the IT team on it, and I'll tell you why.

The CEO's son is on the IT team, but he's junior, so strategically, he. He's also really sharp kid. I think he's also a Purdue grad, although maybe cleanse them, but comp. Side grad. And indirectly exposing him, slash, selling him is probably a value.

[28:24] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, absolutely.

[28:26] Julia Fletcher: And because I think ultimately this would. He will someday be, you know, one of the guys running this team. And so to show him a path where you're not just running, you know, you're not a sysadmin. Right.

He has the plasticity of mind to do something much bigger here. I think that that's valuable.

[28:46] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, absolutely. And sorry, the CEO's name is Rod Duncan.

That's. That's Rod. Okay.

[28:54] Julia Fletcher: Yeah. And his son is Matthew Duncan. So what I may do is just tell Ray that the whole IT team should be on there because more. More eyeballs gives us, you know, whatever broader perspective. I can frame that up.

[29:09] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah.

[29:10] Julia Fletcher: But I want Matthew on the call. And we have another young IT professional, Nick Ruggles, who I think would also be somebody we could train pretty rapidly. He's, you know, 30 and hungry and curious. To your point.

[29:25] Jordan Antonoff: Perfect.

Yeah. Those are the type of people that we would want involved in that first year while we're working with your team, so that not only are we helping you, but we're getting your team prepped to be able to take it over.

[29:40] Julia Fletcher: Yeah.

All right, well, I will push that on our end. So. Sorry for the influence campaign. It's just kind of the way I got to get things done.

[29:51] Jordan Antonoff: I spent many years in sales before I was coo, so I know that was my main focus when I was in sales is who do I need to get on board to make this work? So.

I understand.

[30:04] Julia Fletcher: Yeah. Yeah. And I just. I know when I push things, there's an.

There is an odd. It isn't always a no, but the immediate is no, because then he wants to think about it more deeply. I'm a little threatening, but if he's getting it from Mike and Ray and Matt, then it becomes his idea, and that would be great.

[30:29] Jordan Antonoff: What's this?

If you don't mind me asking, what's the reporting structure with you and the CEO.

[30:35] Julia Fletcher: So, I mean, I run all internal. I'm essentially CEO. I'm running internal stuff. We have.

There's a lot. There is a lot of politics in the family business around titles and things like that. So he was most recently president of the company and he fleeted up to CEO. Our long term CEO stepped down after 20 some odd years who was not a family member. So Rod and I are first cousins and it's.

There's just a lot of politics. It's kind of like Game of Thrones meets the Beverly Hillbillies.

[31:19] Jordan Antonoff: Well, we have a lot of.

We have a lot of customers that are actually family owned, so I know all about it.

[31:24] Julia Fletcher: Well, it's. You know, he went to Purdue, came back here immediately, went to work for Fletcher's, and has only worked here his entire career. And he knows a lot, and he knows so much about our company.

I did the other thing where my dad said, you got to go lose somebody else's money first. So I went out and lived seven different lives before I came back in and started initially running strategy and then ran two of our other business lines in a Wholly-owned subsidiary in Mexico. And then they fleeted me up to be president.

Ben, who's the head of sales, his title is actually coo. He doesn't actually run ops. That was a feel good title to give him more money, which I don't care about. Like, I just want to run things.

So it looks like we have three people all doing the same job. We all do different jobs. The titles don't really matter, but Rod really, at the end of the day, is the person who can veto and kill something. So.

[32:22] Jordan Antonoff: Okay.

[32:23] Julia Fletcher: Yeah. From an ownership perspective, he and I are equal. So we can. We can fight it out in the boardroom that way if it goes to that.

[32:32] Jordan Antonoff: And is. Does Rod like to meet people face to face, shake hands?

[32:37] Julia Fletcher: Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

[32:39] Jordan Antonoff: Okay, sounds good. Fine with me.

[32:44] Julia Fletcher: All right, well, thank you so much for your time.

[32:47] Jordan Antonoff: Absolutely.

[32:48] Julia Fletcher: Just copy me on. On any reach back you do so that I can stay in the loop.

[32:53] Jordan Antonoff: Yeah, I got a couple meetings after this and then as soon as those are done, I'll coordinate this reference. Call and reach out to me anytime.

[33:01] Julia Fletcher: Okay.

Well, thank you. I appreciate your help.

[33:06] Jordan Antonoff: It's a pleasure.

Thanks as well. All right, I'll talk to you later. Bye.